## Donald Trump's political views
The political positions of Donald Trump (sometimes referred to as Trumpism), the 45th president of the United States, have frequently changed. Trump has been primarily called a protectionist on trade. He has also been called and calls himself a populist, semi-isolationist, nationalist and other political categories.
Political affiliation and ideology
Self-described
Trump speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in 2015
Trump registered as a Republican in Manhattan in 1987; since that time, he has changed his party affiliation five times. In 1999, he changed his party affiliation to the Independence Party of New York. In August 2001, Trump changed his party affiliation to Democratic. In September 2009, he changed his party affiliation back to the Republican Party. In December 2011, Trump changed to "no party affiliation" (independent). In April 2012, he again returned to the Republican Party.
In a 2004 interview, Trump told CNN's Wolf Blitzer: "In many cases, I probably identify more as Democrat", explaining: "It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans. Now, it shouldn't be that way. But if you go back, I mean it just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats...But certainly we had some very good economies under Democrats, as well as Republicans. But we've had some pretty bad disaster under the Republicans." In a July 2015 interview, Trump said that he has a broad range of political positions and that "I identify with some things as a Democrat."
During his 2016 campaign for the presidency, Trump consistently described the state of the United States in bleak terms, referring to it as a nation in dire peril that is plagued by lawlessness, poverty, and violence, constantly under threat, and at risk of having "nothing, absolutely nothing, left". In accepting the Republican nomination for president, Trump said that "I alone can fix" the system, and pledged that if elected, "Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo." He described himself as a "law and order" candidate and "the voice" of "the forgotten men and women". Trump's inaugural address on January 20, 2017, focused on his campaign theme of America in crisis and decline. He pledged to end what he referred to as "American carnage", depicting the United States in a dystopian light—as a "land of abandoned factories, economic angst, rising crime"—while pledging "a new era in American politics".
Although Trump was the Republican nominee, he has signaled that the official party platform, adopted at the 2016 Republican National Convention, diverges from his own views. According to a The Washington Post tally, Trump made some 282 campaign promises over the course of his 2016 campaign.
In February 2017, Trump stated that he was a "total nationalist" in a "true sense". In October 2018, Trump again described himself as a nationalist.
During the last week of his presidential term in January 2021, Trump reportedly considered founding a new political party called the Patriot Party.

## Donald Trump's political views
As described by others
Trump's political positions are viewed by some as right-wing populist. Politicians and pundits alike have referred to Trump's populism, anti-free trade, and anti-immigrant stances as "Trumpism".
Liberal economist and columnist Paul Krugman disputes that Trump is a populist, arguing that his policies favor the rich over those less well off. Harvard Kennedy School political scientist Pippa Norris has described Trump as a "populist authoritarian" analogous to European parties such as the Swiss People's Party, Austrian Freedom Party, Swedish Democrats, and Danish People's Party. Columnist Walter Shapiro and political commentator Jonathan Chait describe Trump as authoritarian. Conservative commentator Mary Katharine Ham characterized Trump as a "casual authoritarian," saying "he is a candidate who has happily and proudly spurned the entire idea of limits on his power as an executive and doesn't have any interest in the Constitution and what it allows him to do and what [it] does not allow him to do. That is concerning for people who are interested in limited government." Charles C. W. Cooke of the National Review has expressed similar views, terming Trump an "anti-constitutional authoritarian." Libertarian journalist Nick Gillespie, by contrast, calls Trump "populist rather than an authoritarian". Rich Benjamin refers to Trump and his ideology as fascist and a form of inverted totalitarianism.
Legal experts spanning the political spectrum, including many conservative and libertarian scholars, have suggested that "Trump's blustery attacks on the press, complaints about the judicial system and bold claims of presidential power collectively sketch out a constitutional worldview that shows contempt for the First Amendment, the separation of powers and the rule of law." Law professors Randy E. Barnett, Richard Epstein, and David G. Post, for example, suggest that Trump has little or no awareness of, or commitment to, the constitutional principles of separation of powers and federalism. Law professor Ilya Somin believes that Trump "poses a serious threat to the press and the First Amendment," citing Trump's proposal to expand defamation laws to make it easier to sue journalists and his remark that the owner of The Washington Post, Jeff Bezos, would "have problems" if Trump was elected president. Anthony D. Romero, the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union, wrote in an op-ed published in The Washington Post in July 2016 that "Trump's proposed policies, if carried out, would trigger a constitutional crisis. By our reckoning, a Trump administration would violate the First, Fourth, Fifth and Eighth amendments if it tried to implement his most controversial plans."
Prior to his election as president, his views on social issues were often described as centrist or moderate. Political commentator Josh Barro termed Trump a "moderate Republican," saying that except on immigration, his views are "anything but ideologically rigid, and he certainly does not equate deal making with surrender." MSNBC host Joe Scarborough said Trump is essentially more like a "centrist Democrat" on social issues. Journalist and political analyst John Heilemann characterized Trump as liberal on social issues, while conservative talk radio host and political commentator Rush Limbaugh said that Heilemann is seeing in Trump what he wants to see. Since he became president, commentators have generally characterized his policy agenda as socially conservative.
Trump and his political views have often been described as nationalist. John Cassidy of New Yorker writes that Trump seeks to make the Republican Party "into a more populist, nativist, avowedly protectionist, and semi-isolationist party that is skeptical of immigration, free trade, and military interventionism." The Washington Post editorial page editor Fred Hiatt and College of the Holy Cross political scientist Donald Brand describe Trump as a nativist. Rich Lowry, the editor of National Review, instead calls Trump an "immigration hawk" and supports Trump's effort to return immigration levels to what Trump calls a "historically average level". Trump is a protectionist, according to free-market advocate Stephen Moore and conservative economist Larry Kudlow. Historian Joshua M. Zeitz wrote in 2016 that Trump's appeals to "law and order" and "the silent majority" were comparable to the dog-whistle and racially-coded terminology of Richard Nixon.
According to a 2020 study, voters had the most difficulty assessing the ideology of Trump in the 2016 election out of all presidential candidates since 1972 and all contemporary legislators.
Scales and rankings
Crowdpac
In 2015, Crowdpac gave Trump a ranking of 0.4L out of 10, indicating moderate positions. In 2016, the ranking was changed to 5.1C out of 10, shifting him more to the conservative spectrum.
On the Issues
The organization and website On the Issues has classified Trump in a variety of ways over time:
"Moderate populist" (2003)
"Liberal-leaning populist" (2003–2011)
"Moderate populist conservative" (2011–2012)
"Libertarian-leaning conservative" (2012–2013)
"Moderate conservative" (2013–2014)
"Libertarian-leaning conservative" (2014–2015)
"Hard-core conservative" (2015)
"Libertarian-leaning conservative" (2015–2016)
"Moderate conservative" (2016–2017)
"Hard-core conservative" (2017–present)
Politics and policies during presidency
As president, Trump has pursued sizable income tax cuts, deregulation, increased military spending, rollbacks of federal health-care protections, and the appointment of conservative judges consistent with conservative (Republican Party) policies. However, his anti-globalization policies of trade protectionism cross party lines. In foreign affairs he has described himself as a nationalist. Trump has said that he is "totally flexible on very, very many issues."
Trump's signature issue is immigration, especially illegal immigration, and in particular building or expanding a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
In his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump promised significant infrastructure investment and protection for entitlements for the elderly, typically considered liberal (Democratic Party) policies. In October 2016, Trump's campaign posted fourteen categories of policy proposals on his website, which have been since removed. During October 2016, Trump outlined a series of steps for his first 100 days in office.
Trump's political positions, and his descriptions of his beliefs, have often been inconsistent. Politico has described his positions as "eclectic, improvisational and often contradictory." According to an NBC News count, over the course of his campaign Trump made "141 distinct shifts on 23 major issues." Fact-checking organizations reported that during the campaign, Trump made a record number of false statements and lies compared to other candidates, a pattern that has continued – and further increased – in office.

## Donald Trump's political views
Domestic policy
Trump signs the Republican loyalty pledge: had Trump not become the Republican Party nominee for the 2016 general election, he pledged to support whoever the nominee may have been, and to not run as a third-party candidate.
Trump and supporters at a rally in Muscatine, Iowa, January 2016. Multiple supporters hold up signs stating "The silent majority stands with Trump."
Campaign finance
See also: Campaign finance reform in the United States
While Trump has repeatedly expressed support for "the idea of campaign finance reform", he has not outlined specifics of his actual views on campaign-finance regulation. For example, Trump has not said whether he favors public financing of elections or caps on expenditures of campaigns, outside groups, and individuals.
During the Republican primary race, Trump on several occasions accused his Republican opponents of being bound to their campaign financiers, and asserted that anyone (including Trump himself) could buy their policies with donations. He called super PACs a "scam" and "a horrible thing". In October 2015, he said, "All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself."
Having previously touted the self-funding of his campaign as a sign of his independence from the political establishment and big donors, Trump reversed course and started to fundraise in early May 2016. While Trump systematically disavowed pro-Trump super PACs earlier in the race, he stopped doing so from early May 2016.

## Donald Trump's political views
Civil servants
According to Chris Christie (who served briefly as leader of Trump's White House transition team), Trump will seek to purge the federal government of officials appointed by Obama and will ask Congress to pass legislation making it easier to fire public workers.
Trump's former Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon, stated in February 2017 that Trump's goal is to "deconstruct the administrative state".

## Donald Trump's political views
Disabled people
Trump has provided "little detail regarding his positions on disability-related policies," and his campaign website made no mention of disabled people. As of June 1, 2016, Trump had not responded to the issue questionnaire of the nonpartisan disability group RespectAbility.

## Donald Trump's political views
District of Columbia statehood
Main article: Statehood movement in the District of Columbia
Trump is opposed to D.C. statehood. In 2020, Donald Trump indicated that if the statehood legislation for Washington, D.C. passes both houses of Congress, he would veto the admission legislation.

## Donald Trump's political views
2016 campaign
Trump has stated his support for school choice and local control for primary and secondary schools. On school choice he's commented, "Our public schools are capable of providing a more competitive product than they do today. Look at some of the high school tests from earlier in this century and you'll wonder if they weren't college-level tests. And we've got to bring on the competition—open the schoolhouse doors and let parents choose the best school for their children. Education reformers call this school choice, charter schools, vouchers, even opportunity scholarships. I call it competition—the American way."
Trump has blasted the Common Core State Standards Initiative, calling it a "total disaster". Trump has asserted that Common Core is "education through Washington, D.C.", a claim which PolitiFact and other journalists have rated "false", since the adoption and implementation of Common Core is a state choice, not a federal one.
Trump has stated that Ben Carson will be "very much involved in education" under a Trump presidency. Carson rejects the theory of evolution and believes that "home-schoolers do the best, private schoolers next best, charter schoolers next best, and public schoolers worst"; he said that he wanted to "take the federal bureaucracy out of education."
Trump has proposed redirecting $20 billion in existing federal spending to block grants to states to give poor children vouchers to attend a school of their family's choice (including a charter school, private school, or online school). Trump did not explain where the $20 billion in the federal budget would come from. Trump stated that "Distribution of this grant will favor states that have private school choice and charter laws."

## Donald Trump's political views
Presidency
As president, Trump chose Republican financier Betsy DeVos, a prominent Michigan charter school advocate, as Secretary of Education. The nomination was highly controversial; The Washington Post education writer Valerie Strauss wrote that "DeVos was considered the most controversial education nominee in the history of the nearly 40-year-old Education Department." On the confirmation vote the Senate split 50/50 (along party lines, with two Republican senators joining all Democratic senators to vote against confirmation). Vice President Mike Pence used his tie-breaking vote to confirm the nomination, the first time in U.S. history that occurred.

## Donald Trump's political views
2024 campaign
During his 2024 presidential campaign, Trump expressed opposition to the use of academic tenure and diversity, equity, and inclusion programs in U.S. educational institutions.

## Donald Trump's political views
Eminent domain
In 2015 Trump called eminent domain "wonderful". He repeatedly asked the government to invoke it on his behalf during past development projects.

## Donald Trump's political views
Food safety
Main article: Food safety in the United States
In September 2016, Trump posted a list on his website of regulations that he would eliminate. The list included what it called the "FDA Food Police" and mentioned the Food and Drug Administration's rules governing "farm and food production hygiene" and "food temperatures". The factsheet provided by Trump mirrored a May report by the conservative Heritage Foundation. It was replaced later that month and the new factsheet did not mention the FDA.

## Donald Trump's political views
Native Americans
Colman McCarthy of The Washington Post wrote in 1993 that in testimony given that year to the House Natural Resources subcommittee on Native American Affairs, Trump "devoted much of his testimony to bad-mouthing Indians and their casinos," asserted that "organized crime is rampant on Indian reservations" and that "if it continues it will be the biggest scandal ever." Trump offered no evidence in support of his claim, and testimony from the FBI's organized crime division, the Justice Department's criminal division, and the IRS's criminal investigation division did not support Trump's assertion. Representative George Miller, a Democrat who was the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee at the time, stated: "In my 19 years in Congress, I've never heard more irresponsible testimony."
Trump bankrolled in 2000 a set of anti-Indian gaming ads in upstate New York that featured "a dark photograph showing hypodermic needles and drug paraphernalia," a warning that "violent criminals were coming to town," and an accusation that the St. Regis Mohawks had a "record of criminal activity." The ad—aimed at stopping the construction of a casino in the Catskills that might hurt Trump's own Atlantic City casinos—was viewed as "incendiary" and racially charged, and at the time local tribal leaders, in response, bought a newspaper ad of their own to denounce the "smear" and "racist and inflammatory rhetoric" of the earlier ad. The ads attracted the attention of the New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying because they failed to disclose Trump's sponsorship as required by state lobbying rules. Trump acknowledged that he sponsored the ads and reached a settlement with the state in which he and his associates agreed to issue a public apology and pay $250,000 (the largest civil penalty ever levied by the commission) for evading state disclosure rules.
In 2015, Trump defended the controversial team name and mascot of the Washington Redskins, saying that the NFL team should not change its name and he did not find the term to be offensive. The "Change the Mascot" campaign, led by the Oneida Indian Nation and National Congress of American Indians, condemned Trump's stance.
While campaigning in 2016, Trump has repeatedly belittled Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts by calling her "Pocahontas" (a reference to Warren's claim, based on family lore, of Native American ancestry, which she has been unable to document). Trump's comments were criticized by a number of public figures as racist and inappropriate. Gyasi Ross of the Blackfeet Nation, a Native American activist and author, criticized Trump's "badgering of Elizabeth Warren as 'Pocahontas'" as "simply the continuation of his pattern of racist bullying."

## Donald Trump's political views
Questioning Obama's citizenship
Main article: Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories
Trump speaking at a rally in Phoenix, Arizona, August 2016
For several years, Trump promoted "birther" conspiracy theories about Barack Obama's citizenship.
In March 2011, during an interview on Good Morning America, Trump said he was seriously considering running for president, that he was a "little" skeptical of Obama's citizenship and that someone who shares this view should not be so quickly dismissed as an "idiot". Trump added: "Growing up no one knew him"—a claim ranked "Pants on Fire" by Politifact. Later, Trump appeared on The View repeating several times that "I want him (Obama) to show his birth certificate" and speculating that "there's something on that birth certificate that he doesn't like." Although officials in Hawaii certified Obama's citizenship, Trump said in April 2011 he would not let go of the issue, because he was not satisfied that Obama had proved his citizenship.
After Obama released his long-form birth certificate on April 27, 2011, Trump said: "I am really honored and I am really proud, that I was able to do something that nobody else could do." Trump continued to question Obama's birth certificate in the following years, as late as 2015. In May 2012, Trump suggested that Obama might have been born in Kenya. In October 2012, Trump offered to donate five million dollars to the charity of Obama's choice in return for the publication of his college and passport applications before the end of the month. In a 2014 interview, Trump questioned whether Obama had produced his long-form birth certificate. When asked in December 2015 if he still questioned Obama's legitimacy, Trump said that "I don't talk about that anymore."
On September 14, 2016, Trump declined to acknowledge whether he believed Obama was born in the United States. On September 15, 2016, Trump for the first time acknowledged that Obama was born in the United States. He gave a terse statement, saying, "President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period." He falsely accused Hillary Clinton of having started the "Birther" movement. He also asserted that he "finished" the birther controversy, apparently referring to Obama's 2011 release of his long-form birth certificate, despite the fact that he continued to question Obama's citizenship in the years that followed. The next day, Trump tweeted a story in The Washington Post with the headline "Donald Trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled". The "greatest trick" of the headline referred to the fact that cable networks aired the event live, waiting for a "birther" statement, while Trump touted his new hotel and supporters gave testimonials. In October 2016, Trump appeared to question the legitimacy of Barack Obama's presidency, referring to him at a rally as the "quote 'president'⁠ ⁠".

## Donald Trump's political views
Social Security and Medicare
Main articles: Social Security (United States), Medicare (United States), and Medicaid
During his campaign Trump repeatedly promised "I'm not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I'm not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid." For the first three years of his presidency he said nothing about cutting Social Security or Medicare. In a January 2020 interview he said he planned to "take a look" at entitlement programs like Medicare, but he then said via Twitter "We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget." His proposed 2021 budget, unveiled in February 2020, included a $45 billion (~$49.9 billion in 2023) cut to the program within Social Security that supports disabled people, as well as cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. In August 2020, as part of a package of executive orders related to the COVID-19 pandemic, he signed an order to postpone the collection of the payroll taxes that support Social Security and Medicare, paid by employees and employers, for the rest of 2020. He also said that if he wins re-election, he will forgive the postponed payroll taxes and make permanent cuts to the payroll tax, saying he would "terminate the tax", although only Congress can change tax law. Analysts said such an action would threaten Social Security and Medicare by eliminating the dedicated funding which pays for the programs.

## Donald Trump's political views
Veterans
2016 presidential campaign
Trump caused a stir in July 2015 when he charged that Senator John McCain had "done nothing to help the vets," a statement ruled false by PolitiFact and the Chicago Tribune. Trump added that McCain is "not a war hero. He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren't captured."
As a presidential candidate, Trump was critical of the ways in which veterans are treated in the United States, saying "the vets are horribly treated in this country...they are living in hell." He favored eliminating backlogs and wait-lists that had caused a Veterans Health Administration scandal the previous year. He claimed that "over 300,000 veterans have died waiting for care." He said he believed Veterans Affairs (VA) facilities needed to be technologically upgraded, to hire more veterans to treat other veterans, to increase support of female veterans, and to create satellite clinics within hospitals in rural areas. He proposed a plan for reforming the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs with provisions to allow veterans to obtain care from any doctor or facility that accepts Medicare, to increase funding for PTSD and suicide prevention services, and to provide ob/gyn services at every VA hospital. Trump called for greater privatization of veterans' care, although his plan made no direct reference to letting veterans get health care outside the VA system. The Wall Street Journal noted that "such a plan is counter to recommendations from major veterans groups, the VA itself and from the Commission on Care, an independent body established by Congress that last week made recommendations for VA changes." Trump's plan calls "for legislation making it easier to fire underperforming employees, increasing mental-health resources and adding a White House hotline so veterans can bypass the VA and bring problems directly to the president." Trump opposed the current G.I. Bill in 2016.
In January 2016, Trump hosted a fundraising rally for veterans (skipping a televised Republican debate to do so). Weeks later, after The Wall Street Journal inquired with the Trump campaign when veterans' groups would receive their checks, the funds began to be disbursed. In April, the Journal reported that the funds had yet to be fully distributed. In May, NPR confirmed directly with 30 recipient charities that they had received their funds, "accounting for $4.27 million of the $5.6 million total," while the remaining 11 charities did not answer the question.

## Donald Trump's political views
Presidency and 2020 campaign
In February 2018, the Trump administration initiated a policy known as 'Deploy Or Get Out' (DOGO), ordering the Pentagon to discharge any soldier who would be ineligible for deployment within the next 12 months. This mainly affected disabled soldiers. It also affected HIV-positive soldiers, who are allowed to serve within the US but cannot be deployed overseas; the DOGO policy meant that they could no longer serve within the US, either.
In August 2019, Trump credited himself for passing the Veterans Choice Act, a law that had actually been passed under the previous president, Barack Obama, in 2014. Trump did sign an expansion of that Act in 2018.
In September 2020, The Atlantic reported that Trump referred to Americans who were casualties of war as "losers" and "suckers", citing multiple people who were present for the statements; later reporting by the Associated Press and Fox News corroborated some of these stories. Veterans expressed scorn over the report's allegations. Trump denied these allegations and called them "disgraceful", adding: "I would be willing to swear on anything that I never said that about our fallen heroes". John Bolton, who was present at the discussion, also said he never heard Trump make such comments.
A fact-check of the topic from The Washington Post analyzed various statements about the matter and found that, regardless of the nature of the exact quote, Trump has repeatedly expressed negative views about American military personnel who have been captured, wounded, or died in combat. "Trump was puzzled why people went into military service: 'What's in it for them? They don't make any money.' The official added: 'It was a character flaw of the President. He could not understand why someone would die for their country, not worth it.'"

## Donald Trump's political views
2024 presidential campaign
In August 2024, Trump was criticized for saying that the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is awarded to civilians, is a "much better" award than the Medal of Honor, the top military honor, because those who are awarded the Medal of Honor "They’re either in very bad shape because they’ve been hit so many times by bullets or they’re dead," whereas the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom is "healthy".

## Donald Trump's political views
Economy and trade
Main article: Economic policy of Donald Trump
See also: 2018 United States federal budget
Some of the tax cuts in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which Trump signed into law in 2017, were set by the law to expire in 2025. In April 2024, Trump stated at a fundraiser for wealthy donors that, if returned to office, he would seek to extend those provisions.

## Donald Trump's political views
Trade
During his presidency, Trump withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, initiated a trade war with China, and negotiated the USMCA as a successor to NAFTA.

## Donald Trump's political views
Environment and energy
Main article: Environmental policy under the Trump administration
By March 2016, Trump had not released any plans to combat climate change or provided details regarding his approach to energy issues more broadly.
In May 2016, Trump asked Republican U.S. representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota—described by Reuters as "one of America's most ardent drilling advocates and climate change skeptics"—to draft Trump's energy policy.

## Donald Trump's political views
California drought
In May 2016, Trump said that he could solve the water crisis in California. He declared that "there is no drought", a statement which the Associated Press noted is incorrect. Trump accused California state officials of denying farmers of water so they can send it out to sea "to protect a certain kind of three-inch fish." According to the AP, Trump appeared to be referring to a dispute between Central Valley farming interests and environmental interests; California farmers accuse water authorities of short-changing them of the water in their efforts to protect endangered native fish species.

## Donald Trump's political views
Climate change and pollution
Main articles: Pollution in the United States, Climate change, Climate change policy of the United States, and Climate change denial
Trump rejects the scientific consensus on climate change, repeatedly contending that global warming is a "hoax". He has said that "the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive", a statement which Trump later said was a joke. It was also observed that he often conflates weather with climate change.
Trump criticized President Obama's description of climate change as "the greatest threat to future generations" for being "naive" and "one of the dumbest statements I've ever heard." A 2016 report by the Sierra Club contended that, were he to be elected president, Trump would be the only head of state in the world to contend that climate change is a hoax. In December 2009, Trump and his three adult children had signed a full-page advertisement from "business leaders" in The New York Times stating "If we fail to act now, it is scientifically irrefutable that there will be catastrophic and irreversible consequences for humanity and our planet" and encouraging "investment in the clean energy economy" to "create new energy jobs and increase our energy security".
Although "not a believer in climate change", Trump has stated that "clean air is a pressing problem" and has said: "There is still much that needs to be investigated in the field of climate change. Perhaps the best use of our limited financial resources should be in dealing with making sure that every person in the world has clean water."
In May 2016, during his presidential campaign, Trump issued an energy plan focused on promoting fossil fuels and weakening environmental regulation. Trump promised to "rescind" in his first 100 days in office a variety of Environmental Protection Agency regulations established during the Obama administration to limit carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants, which contribute to a warming global climate. Trump has specifically pledged to revoke the Climate Action Plan and the Waters of the United States rule, which he characterizes as two "job-destroying Obama executive actions."
Trump has said "we're practically not allowed to use coal any more", a statement rated "mostly false" by PolitiFact. Trump has criticized the Obama administration's coal policies, describing the administration's moves to phase out the use of coal-fired power plants as "stupid". Trump has criticized the Obama administration for prohibiting "coal production on federal land" and states that it seeks to adopt "draconian climate rules that, unless stopped, would effectively bypass Congress to impose job-killing cap-and-trade." Trump has vowed to revive the U.S. coal economy, a pledge that is viewed by experts as unlikely to be fulfilled because the decline of the coal industry is driven by market forces, and specifically by the U.S. natural gas boom. An analysis by Scientific American found that Trump's promise to bring back closed coal mines would be difficult to fulfill, both because of environmental regulations and economic shifts. An analysis by Bloomberg New Energy Finance dismissed Trump's claims of a "war on coal": "U.S. coal's main problem has been cheap natural gas and renewable power, not a politically driven 'war on coal'...[coal] will continue being pushed out of the generating mix."
Trump wrote in his 2011 book that he opposed a cap-and-trade system to control carbon emissions.
According to FactCheck.org, over at least a five-year period, Trump has on several occasions made incorrect claims about the use of hair spray and its role in ozone depletion. At a rally in May 2016, "Trump implied that the regulations on hairspray and coal mining are both unwarranted" and incorrectly asserted that hairspray use in a "sealed" apartment prevents the spray's ozone-depleting substances from reaching the atmosphere.
In June 2019, the Trump White House tried to prevent a State Department intelligence analyst from testifying to Congress about "possibly catastrophic" effects of human-caused climate change, and prevented his written testimony containing science from NASA and NOAA from being included in the official Congressional Record because it was not consistent with administration positions.
In August 2019, Trump described America's coal production as "clean, beautiful", despite coal being a particularly polluting energy source. Although "clean coal" is a specific jargon used by the coal industry for certain technologies, Trump instead generally describes that coal itself is "clean".

## Donald Trump's political views
Opposition to international cooperation on climate change
See also: United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement
President Trump during his 2017 announcement to leave the international Paris Agreement
Trump pledged in his May 2016 speech on energy policy to "cancel the Paris climate agreement" adopted at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (in which 170 countries committed to reductions in carbon emissions). Trump pledged to cancel the agreement in his first hundred days in office. This pledge followed earlier comments by Trump, in which he said that as president, he would "at a minimum" seek to renegotiate the agreement and "at a maximum I may do something else." Trump characterizes the Paris Agreement as "one-sided" and "bad for the United States", believing that the agreement is too favorable to China and other countries. In his May 2016 speech, Trump inaccurately said that the Paris Agreement "gives foreign bureaucrats control over how much energy we use on our land, in our country"; in fact, the Paris Agreement is based on voluntary government pledges, and no country controls the emissions-reduction plan of any other country.
Once the agreement is ratified by 55 nations representing 55 percent of global emissions (which has not yet occurred), a four-year waiting period goes into effect for any country wishing to withdraw from the agreement. A U.S. move to withdraw from the Paris Agreement as Trump proposed was viewed as likely to unravel the agreement; according to Reuters, such a move would spell "potential doom for an agreement many view as a last chance to turn the tide on global warming."
In Trump's May 2016 speech on energy policy, he declared that if elected president, he would "stop all payment of U.S. tax dollars to global warming programs." This would be a reversal of the U.S. pledge to commit funds to developing countries to assist in climate change mitigation and could undermine the willingness of other countries to take action against climate change.
In August 2016, 375 members of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, including 30 Nobel laureates, issued an open letter warning that Trump's plan to unilaterally withdraw from the Paris Agreement would have dire effects on the fight against climate change. The scientists wrote, in part:
[I]t is of great concern that the Republican nominee for President has advocated U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Accord. A "Parexit" would send a clear signal to the rest of the world: "The United States does not care about the global problem of human-caused climate change. You are on your own." Such a decision would make it far more difficult to develop effective global strategies for mitigating and adapting to climate change. The consequences of opting out of the global community would be severe and long-lasting – for our planet's climate and for the international credibility of the United States.

## Donald Trump's political views
Energy independence
Main article: United States energy independence
In his May 2016 speech on energy policy, Trump stated: "Under my presidency, we will accomplish complete American energy independence. We will become totally independent of the need to import energy from the oil cartel or any nation hostile to our interest." The New York Times reported that "experts say that such remarks display a basic ignorance of the workings of the global oil markets."

## Donald Trump's political views
Environmental regulation
In January 2016, Trump vowed "tremendous cutting" of the budget for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency if elected. In an October 2015 interview with Chris Wallace, Trump explained, "what they do is a disgrace. Every week they come out with new regulations." When Wallace asked, "Who's going to protect the environment?", Trump answered "we'll be fine with the environment. We can leave a little bit, but you can't destroy businesses."
Trump has charged that the "U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service abuses the Endangered Species Act to restrict oil and gas exploration." In 2011, Trump said that would permit drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in northeastern Alaska.
In July 2016, Trump suggested that he was in favor of state and local bans on hydraulic fracturing (fracking), saying, "I'm in favor of fracking, but I think that voters should have a big say in it. I mean, there's some areas, maybe, they don't want to have fracking. And I think if the voters are voting for it, that's up to them...if a municipality or a state wants to ban fracking, I can understand that."

## Donald Trump's political views
Pipelines
Keystone XL
Main article: Keystone Pipeline
Trump promised to construct the Keystone XL pipeline, a proposed project to bring Canadian petroleum to the U.S. Trump pledged that if elected, he would ask TransCanada Corp. to renew its permit application for the project within his first hundred days in office. Trump claimed that Keystone XL pipeline will have "no impact on environment" and create "lots of jobs for U.S.", although in fact the pipeline is projected to create only 35 permanent jobs.
In his first days in office, Trump revived the Keystone XL project, signing a presidential memorandum reversing the rejection of the proposed pipeline that President Obama had made. Trump "also signed a directive ordering an end to protracted environmental reviews," pledging to make environmental review " a very short process".
Dakota Access Pipeline
Main articles: Dakota Access Pipeline and Dakota Access Pipeline protests
After months of protest by thousands of protesters, including the largest gathering of Native Americans in 100 years, in December 2016 the United States Army Corps of Engineers under the Obama administration announced that it would not grant an easement for the pipeline, and the Corps of Engineers undertook an environmental impact statement to look at possible alternative routes. However, in February 2017, newly elected President Donald Trump ended the environmental impact assessment and ordered construction to continue. Trump has financial ties to Energy Transfer Partners and Phillips 66, who are both directly involved in the controversial project. The CEO of Energy Transfer Partners is a campaign donor for Donald Trump.

## Donald Trump's political views
Renewable energy
Main article: Renewable energy in the United States
In his 2015 book Crippled America, Trump is highly critical of the "big push" to develop renewable energy, arguing that the push is based on a mistaken belief that greenhouse gases contribute to climate change. He writes, "There has been a big push to develop alternative forms of energy—so-called green energy—from renewable sources. That's a big mistake. To begin with, the whole push for renewable energy is being driven by the wrong motivation, the mistaken belief that global climate change is being caused by carbon emissions. If you don't buy that—and I don't—then what we have is really just an expensive way of making the tree-huggers feel good about themselves."
Despite criticizing wind farms in the past (calling them "ugly"), Trump has said that he does not oppose the wind production tax credit, saying: "I'm okay with subsidies, to an extent." Trump has criticized wind energy for being expensive and for not working without "massive subsidies". He added, "windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. One of the most beautiful, one of the most treasured birds—and they're killing them by the hundreds and nothing happens," a claim rated as "mostly false" by PolitiFact since best estimates indicate that about one hundred golden eagles are killed each year by wind turbine blades.
In his official platform, Trump claims that he will reduce bureaucracy which would then lead to greater innovation. His platform mentions "renewable energies", including "nuclear, wind and solar energy" in that regard but adds that he would not support those "to the exclusion of other energy".
Trump supports a higher ethanol mandate (the amount of ethanol required by federal regulation to be blended into the U.S. gasoline supply). Trump vowed to protect the government's Renewable Fuel Standard and corn-based ethanol.
In August 2019, Trump claimed: "if a windmill is within two miles of your house, your house is practically worthless"; this claim is not supported by studies in the United States.

## Donald Trump's political views
Wildlife conservation and animal welfare
In October 2016, the Humane Society of the United States denounced Trump's campaign, saying that a "Trump presidency would be a threat to animals everywhere" and that he has "a team of advisors and financial supporters tied in with trophy hunting, puppy mills, factory farming, horse slaughter, and other abusive industries."
In February 2017, under the Trump administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) unexpectedly removed from its public website "all enforcement records related to horse soring and to animal welfare at dog breeding operations and other facilities." The decision prompted criticism from animal welfare advocates (such as the Animal Welfare Institute), investigative journalists, and some of the regulated industries (the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and the group Speaking of Research said that the move created an impression of non-transparency).

## Donald Trump's political views
Foreign policy and defense
Main articles: Foreign policy of the Donald Trump administration and Foreign policy of Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential election
Health care
CBO estimated in May 2017 that under the Republican American Healthcare Act or AHCA, about 23 million fewer people would have health insurance in 2026, compared with current law.
Actions while in office
Legislation
Further information: American Health Care Act and 2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals
President Trump advocated repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act (ACA or "Obamacare"). The Republican-controlled House passed the American Health Care Act (AHCA) in May 2017, handing it to the Senate, which decided to write its own version of the bill rather than voting on the AHCA. The Senate bill, called the "Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017" (BCRA), failed on a vote of 45–55 in the Senate during July 2017. Other variations also failed to gather the required support, facing unanimous Democratic Party opposition and some Republican opposition. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the bills would increase the number of uninsured by over 20 million persons, while reducing the budget deficit marginally.
Actions to hinder the implementation of ACA
President Trump continued Republican attacks on the ACA while in office, including steps such as:
Weakening the individual mandate through his first executive order, which resulted in limiting enforcement of mandate penalties by the IRS. For example, tax returns without indications of health insurance ("silent returns") will still be processed, overriding instructions from the Obama administration to the IRS to reject them.
Reducing funding for advertising for the 2017 and 2018 exchange enrollment periods by up to 90%, with other reductions to support resources used to answer questions and help people sign-up for coverage. This action could reduce ACA enrollment.
Cutting the enrollment period for 2018 by half, to 45 days. The NYT editorial board referred to this as part of a concerted "sabotage" effort.
Issuing public statements that the exchanges are unstable or in a death spiral. CBO reported in May 2017 that the exchanges would remain stable under current law (ACA), but would be less stable if the AHCA were passed.
Several insurers and actuary groups cited uncertainty created by President Trump, specifically non-enforcement of the individual mandate and not funding cost sharing reduction subsidies, as contributing 20-30 percentage points to premium increases for the 2018 plan year on the ACA exchanges. In other words, absent Trump's actions against the ACA, premium increases would have averaged 10% or less, rather than the estimated 28-40% under the uncertainty his actions created. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP) maintains a timeline of many "sabotage" efforts by the Trump Administration.
President Trump announced in October 2017 he would end the smaller of the two types of subsidies under the ACA, the cost sharing reduction (CSR) subsidies. This controversial decision significantly raised premiums on the ACA exchanges (as much as 20 percentage points) along with the premium tax credit subsidies that rise with them, with the CBO estimating a $200 billion increase in the budget deficit over a decade. CBO also estimated that initially up to one million fewer would have health insurance coverage, although more might have it in the long run as the subsidies expand. CBO expected the exchanges to remain stable (e.g., no "death spiral") as the premiums would increase and prices would stabilize at the higher (non-CSR) level.
President Trump's argument that the CSR payments were a "bailout" for insurance companies and therefore should be stopped, actually results in the government paying more to insurance companies ($200B over a decade) due to increases in the premium tax credit subsidies. Journalist Sarah Kliff therefore described Trump's argument as "completely incoherent."

## Donald Trump's political views
2020 campaign
In August 2019, at a campaign rally, Trump claimed that his administration "will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always." However, his administration had already repeatedly attempted to water down or repeal the ACA's protections for people with preexisting medical conditions, without any proposal on how to restore these protections if the ACA is rendered void.
Prior to election
The map illustrates the frequency of premature deaths (those under age 75) adjusted for the age of persons in the county. Nobel laureate economist Angus Deaton stated in January 2017 that: "If you take county by county in the US, and you look at what we call deaths of despair – suicides, opioids and liver disease – that it correlates by .4 with votes for Trump. That's a big correlation…a very strong relationship."
According to a report by the RAND Corporation, Trump's proposed health-care policy proposals, depending on specific elements implemented, would result in between 15 and 25 million fewer people with health insurance and increase the federal deficit in a range from zero to $41 billion (~$49 billion in 2023) in 2018. This was in contrast to Clinton's proposals, which would expand health insurance coverage for between zero and 10 million people while increasing the deficit in a range from zero to $90 billion (~$108 billion in 2023) in 2018. According to the report, low-income individuals and sicker people would be most adversely affected by his proposed policies, although it was pointed out that not all policy proposals have been modeled.

## Donald Trump's political views
Affordable Care Act and health-care reform
Main articles: Healthcare reform in the United States, Healthcare reform debate in the United States, and Affordable Care Act
As the 2016 campaign unfolded, Trump stated that he favors repealing the Affordable Care Act (ACA or "Obamacare")—which Trump refers to as a "complete disaster"—and replacing it with a "free-market system". On his campaign website, Trump says, "on day one of the Trump Administration, we will ask Congress to immediately deliver a full repeal of Obamacare." Trump's campaign has insisted that the candidate has "never supported socialized medicine."
Trump has cited the rising costs of premiums and deductibles as a motivation to repeal the Affordable Care Act. However, according to a study by the Kaiser Family Foundation, the after-subsidy premium costs to those with insurance coverage via the Affordable Care Act's exchanges did not change significantly on average from 2016 to 2017, as increases in the subsidies offset pre-subsidy insurance premium increases. For example, after-subsidy costs for a popular "silver plan" remained around $200/month in 2016 and 2017. An estimated 70% of persons on the exchanges could purchase a plan for $75/month after subsidies. Further, in the employer market, health insurance premium cost increases from 2015 to 2016 were an estimated 3% on average, low by historical standards. While deductibles rose 12% on average from 2015 to 2016, more workers are pairing higher-deductible plans with tax-preferred health savings accounts (HSAs), offsetting some of the deductible increase (i.e., lowering their effective deductible).
The Congressional Budget Office reported in March 2016 that there were approximately 23 million people with insurance due to the law, with 12 million people covered by the exchanges (10 million of whom received subsidies to help pay for insurance) and 11 million made eligible for Medicaid. The CBO also reported in June 2015 that: "Including the budgetary effects of macroeconomic feedback, repealing the ACA would increase federal budget deficits by $137 billion over the 2016–2025 period." CBO also estimated that excluding the effects of macroeconomic feedback, repeal of the ACA would increase the deficit by $353 billion over that same period.
In the early part of his campaign, Trump responded to questions about his plan to replace the ACA by saying that it would be "something terrific!" Trump subsequently said at various points that he believes that the government should have limited involvement in health care, but has also said that "at the lower end, where people have no money, I want to try and help those people," by "work[ing] out some sort of a really smart deal with hospitals across the country." and has said "everybody's got to be covered." At a February 2016 town hall on CNN, Trump said that he supported the individual health insurance mandate of the ACA, which requires all Americans to have health insurance, saying "I like the mandate. So here's where I'm a little bit different [from other Republican candidates]." In March 2016, Trump reversed himself, saying that "Our elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate. No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants to."
In March 2016, Trump released his health care plan, which called for allowing health insurance companies to compete across state lines and for making Medicaid into a block grant system for the states. He also called for elimination of the individual mandate for health insurance, for allowing health insurance premiums to be deducted on tax returns, and for international competition in the drug market. In the same document, Trump acknowledged that mental health care in the U.S. is often inadequate but offered no immediate solution to the problem, instead stating that "there are promising reforms being developed in Congress." Trump also emphasized the removal of market entry barriers for drug providers and improved access to imported medication corresponding to safety standards.
Explaining how he would address the problem of ensuring the people that would lose their insurance coverage if Obamacare were repealed, Trump said, "We have to come up, and we can come up with many different plans. In fact, plans you don't even know about will be devised because we're going to come up with plans—health care plans—that will be so good. And so much less expensive both for the country and for the people. And so much better." His plan has been criticized by Republican health experts as "a jumbled hodgepodge of old Republican ideas, randomly selected, that don't fit together" (Robert Laszewski) providing nothing that "would do anything more than cover a couple million people" (Gail R. Wilensky).
In 1999, during his abortive 2000 Reform Party presidential campaign, Trump told TV interviewer Larry King, "I believe in universal health care." In his 2000 book, The America We Deserve, Trump reiterated his call for universal health care and focused on a Canadian-style single-payer health care system as a means to achieve it. Though he characterized the Canadian healthcare system as "catastrophic in certain ways" in October 2016 during the second presidential debate, the Trump campaign website wrote in June 2015 about his support for "a system that would mirror Canada's government-run healthcare service" under the title "What does Donald Trump believe? Where the candidate stands on 10 issues". In 2015, Trump also expressed admiration for the Scottish health-care system, which is single payer.

## Donald Trump's political views
Public health
Ebola
Main article: Ebola virus cases in the United States
In 2014, after a New York physician returned from treating Ebola patients in West Africa and showed symptoms of the disease, Trump tweeted that if the doctor had Ebola, "Obama should apologize to the American people & resign!" When the doctor was later confirmed to have developed Ebola in New York, Trump tweeted that it was "Obama's fault" and "I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!" Trump also criticized President Obama's decision to send 3,000 U.S. troops to affected regions to help combat the outbreak (see Operation United Assistance).
As doctor Kent Brantly returned to the U.S. for treatment, Trump tweeted that U.S. doctors who went abroad to treat Ebola were "great" but "must suffer the consequences" if they became infected and insisted that "the U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our 'borders.'" When an Ebola patient was scheduled to come to the U.S. for treatment, Trump tweeted, "now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!"
Trump's suggestion on the Ebola crisis "would go against all the expert advice being offered". Doctors warned "that isolating West Africa would only make the Ebola outbreak much worse" by "potentially denying help and supplies from getting in", and might destabilize the countries and contribute to the disease's spread outside West Africa.

## Donald Trump's political views
Public health
Zika
Main article: 2015–2016 Zika virus epidemic
On August 3, 2016, Trump called the Zika virus outbreak in Florida "a big problem". He expressed his support for Florida governor Rick Scott's handling of the crisis, saying that he's "doing a fantastic job". When asked if Congress should convene an emergency session to approve Zika funding, Trump answered, "I would say that it's up to Rick Scott." On August 11, 2016, Trump said that he was in favor of Congress setting aside money to combat the Zika virus.

## Donald Trump's political views
Public health
Vaccines
Trump believed that childhood vaccinations were related to autism, a hypothesis which has been repeatedly debunked. The American Academy of Pediatrics and Autism Speaks have "decried Trump's remarks as false and potentially dangerous."
In 2010, the Donald J. Trump Foundation donated $10,000 to Generation Rescue, Jenny McCarthy's nonprofit organization that advocates the incorrect view that autism and related disorders are primarily caused by vaccines.
Despite his prior views, however, Trump did drop his claims of vaccines being related to autism in 2019 after the 2019 measles outbreaks, in saying: "They have to get those shots," as well as "...vaccinations are so important".

## Donald Trump's political views
Immigration
Main article: Immigration policy of Donald Trump
Donald Trump speaking at a rally in Fountain Hills, Arizona, on March 19, 2016
Illegal immigration was a signature issue of Trump's presidential campaign, and his proposed reforms and controversial remarks regarding immigration have also expressed support for a variety of "limits on legal immigration and guest-worker visas," including a "pause" on granting green cards, which Trump says will "allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages."
In August 2019, Trump accused Democrats of supporting "open borders" by attempting to use their opposition to his immigration priorities as an example despite no explicit evidence to support his claim. He also claimed that his administration is "building the wall faster and better than ever", but no new barriers were erected by June 2019 at the Mexico–United States border unlike what Trump promised during his 2016 campaign. The only installations have been replacement fencing of old barriers. Trump also falsely claimed that only 2% of migrants who were released instead of detained eventually returned for their immigration hearings. The 2017 statistic is 72% for migrants, and 89% of migrants applying for asylum.

## Donald Trump's political views
Law and order
Capital punishment
See also: Capital punishment in the United States
"The full-page advertisement was taken out by Trump in the May 1, 1989, issue of the Daily News." Donald Trump spent $85,000 in submitting the ad across four New York City newspapers.
Trump has long advocated for capital punishment in the United States. In May 1989, shortly after the Central Park jogger case received widespread media attention, Trump purchased a full-page ad in four New York City newspapers with the title "BRING BACK THE DEATH PENALTY!" Five defendants (the "Central Park Five") were wrongfully convicted in the case and were subsequently exonerated. By October 2016, Trump still maintained that the Central Park Five were guilty.
In December 2015, in a speech accepting the endorsement of the New England Police Benevolent Association, Trump said that "One of the first things I do [if elected President] in terms of executive order if I win will be to sign a strong, strong statement that will go out to the country, out to the world, that...anybody killing a police officer—death penalty. It's going to happen, O.K.?" However, the president has no authority over these prosecutions as they usually take place in state court under state law, and over one-third of U.S. states have already abolished the death penalty. Furthermore, mandatory death sentences are unconstitutional, as held by the Supreme Court in Woodson v. North Carolina (1976).
Between July 2020 and the end of Trump's term, the federal government executed thirteen people; the first executions since 2002. In this time period, Trump oversaw more federal executions than any president in the preceding 120 years.

## Donald Trump's political views
Torture
Main article: Torture and the United States
Trump has said that he believes that "torture absolutely works". During his campaign, Trump said that "I would bring back waterboarding, and I'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding". However, during his presidency, he did not bring back waterboarding.

## Donald Trump's political views
Criminal justice
As of May 2016, Trump's campaign website made no mention of criminal justice reform, and Trump rarely talked in specifics. Trump has stated that he would be "tough on crime" and criticized Barack Obama's and Hillary Clinton's criminal justice reform proposals. When asked about specific criminal justice reforms, Trump reportedly often changes the subject back to supporting police or vague answers about needing to be "tough." In January 2016, Trump said that along with veterans, "the most mistreated people in this country are police."
Trump supports the use of "stop and frisk" tactics, of the kind once used in New York City. In 2000, Trump also rejected as elitist and naive the arguments of criminal justice reformers that the U.S. criminal justice system puts too many criminals in jail. Trump is in favor of at least one mandatory sentence, where using a gun to commit a crime results in a five-year sentence.
Trump on several occasions asserted that crime was rising in the United States. Trump's assertions that crime was rising were false; in fact, both violent and property crimes declined consistently declined in the U.S. from the early 1990s until 2014. Trump's claim that "inner-city crime is reaching record levels" received a "pants-on-fire" rating from PolitiFact. As president, Trump reiterated in February 2017 the false claim that crime was rising, saying, "the murder rate in our country is the highest it's been in 47 years."
In May 2016, Trump stated that the cities of Oakland and Ferguson are "among the most dangerous in the world". In response, CBS News in San Francisco reported that the murder rates in Oakland and Baghdad are comparable, but PolitiFact rated Trump's claim false given that "homicide rates alone are not enough to gauge whether a city is dangerous or not".
On November 22, 2015, Trump retweeted a graphic with purported statistics—cited to a nonexistent "Crime Statistics Bureau"—which claimed that African Americans were responsible for 81% of the homicides of White Americans and that police were responsible for 1% of black homicides compared to 4% of white homicides. Trump's retweet earned PolitiFact's "Pants on Fire" rating and was called "grossly inaccurate" by FactCheck.org the next day. Blacks were actually responsible for only 15% of white homicides according to FBI data for 2014. The breakdown of the racial differences in police killings in Trump's retweet was also inaccurate. Based on the percentages, the number of whites killed by police would be almost 4 times greater than the number of blacks. Data from The Washington Post for 2009 to 2013 showed a ratio of 1.5 white deaths by police for each black death. A separate estimate by Peter Moskos, associate professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice attributed 10% of white homicides to police and 4% to police for blacks. When asked about the statistics, Trump maintained that the statistics came "from sources that are very credible."

## Donald Trump's political views
Drug policy
Trump's views on drug policy have shifted dramatically over time.
At a luncheon hosted by the Miami Herald in April 1990, Trump told a crowd of 700 people that U.S. drug enforcement policy was "a joke," and that: "We're losing badly the war on drugs. You have to legalize drugs to win that war. You have to take the profit away from these drug czars."
In his campaign for the presidency in 2015 and 2016, however, Trump adopted "drug warrior" positions and has sought advice on the issue from William J. Bennett, who served as the U.S. first "drug czar" in the 1980s "and has remained a proponent of harsh 1980s-style drug war tactics." Trump told Sean Hannity in June 2015 that he opposes marijuana legalization and that "I feel strongly about that." Trump also claims to have personally never used controlled substances of any kind.
Trump has voiced support for medical marijuana, saying that he is "a hundred percent in favor" because "I know people that have serious problems...and...it really, really does help them." When asked about Colorado (where recreational use of marijuana is legal), Trump softened his previously expressed views and essentially said that states should be able to decide on whether marijuana for recreational purposes should be legal.
The administration organized the Marijuana Policy Coordination Committee in 2018.
In 2024, Trump endorsed decriminalization of marijuana in Florida. On full legalization of marijuana, he suggested it would be inevitable in the state regardless of his personal stance on the issue, and instead advocated regulations restricting its use in public spaces.

## Donald Trump's political views
Gun regulation
Main article: Gun politics in the United States
In his 2000 book The America We Deserve, Trump wrote that he generally opposed gun control, but supported the Federal Assault Weapons Ban and supported a "slightly longer waiting period to purchase a gun." In his book, Trump also criticized the gun lobby, saying: "The Republicans walk the N.R.A. line and refuse even limited restrictions." In 2008, Trump opposed hunting-education classes in schools and called the "thought of voluntarily putting guns in the classroom...a really bad plan."
While campaigning for the presidency Trump reversed some of his positions on gun issues, calling for the expansion of gun rights. In 2015 he described himself as a staunch advocate of the Second Amendment and said concealed carry "is a right, not a privilege." He proposed eliminating prohibitions on assault weapons, military-style weapons and high-capacity magazines (which Trump described as "scary sounding phrases" used by gun control advocates "to confuse people"), as well as making concealed carry permits valid nationwide, rather than on the current state-to-state basis. At his campaign website he called for an overhaul of the current federal background check system, arguing that "Too many states are failing to put criminal and mental health records into the system."
On the campaign trail in 2015, Trump praised the National Rifle Association of America (NRA), and received the group's endorsement after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee. He asserted that the presence of more guns in schools and public places could have stopped mass shootings such as those in 2015 in Paris; in San Bernardino, California; and at Umpqua Community College. Trump supported barring people on the government's terrorist watch list from purchasing weapons, saying in 2015: "If somebody is on a watch list and an enemy of state and we know it's an enemy of state, I would keep them away, absolutely." On this position, Trump departed from the position of gun-rights groups and most of his 2016 Republican rivals for the presidency and supported a stance backed by Senate Democrats. Trump said that he holds a New York concealed carry permit and that "I carry on occasion, sometimes a lot. I like to be unpredictable." A 1987 Associated Press story said that he held a handgun permit at that time.
In January 2016, Trump said: "I will get rid of gun-free zones on schools, and—you have to—and on military bases...My first day, it gets signed, okay? My first day. There's no more gun-free zones." Trump could not eliminate gun-free school zones by executive order, however, since such zones were created by a federal law that can only be reversed by Congress. In May 2016, Trump made ambiguous comments on guns in classrooms, saying: "I don't want to have guns in classrooms. Although, in some cases, teachers should have guns in classrooms." In May 2016, Trump accused Hillary Clinton of lying when she claimed that "Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office." According to The Washington Post fact-checker, Clinton's statement was accurate.
In June 2016, Trump said "it would have been a beautiful, beautiful sight" to see Omar Mateen shot in the head by an armed patron in the Orlando nightclub shooting, reiterating his stance that more people should be armed in public places. A few days later, after two top officials of the NRA challenged the notion that drinking clubgoers should be armed, Trump reversed his position, saying that he "obviously" meant that additional guards or employees should have been armed in the nightclub. Security personnel and other staffers at a number of Trump's hotels and golf courses told ABC News that patrons are not permitted to carry guns on the property. A Trump spokesman denied this, saying that licensed persons are permitted to carry guns on the premises.
At a rally on August 9, 2016, Trump accused his opponent of wanting to "essentially abolish the Second Amendment", and went on: "By the way, and if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know." These comments were interpreted by critics as suggesting violence against Clinton or her appointees, but Trump's campaign stated that he was referring to gun rights advocates' "great political power" as a voting bloc.
One month after his inauguration, Trump reversed an Obama-era regulation that had been intended to prevent weapons purchases by certain people with mental health problems. Had the regulation been allowed to take effect, it would have added 75,000 names, including the names of those who receive federal financial assistance due to a mental illness or who have financial proxies due to a mental illness, to a background check database.
Following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in February 2018, Trump met with students and others at the White House for a "listening session". Trump suggested arming up to 20% of the teachers to stop "maniacs" from attacking students. The following day Trump called a "gun free" school a "magnet" for criminals and tweeted, "Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!"
In August 2019, following mass shootings in El Paso, Texas, and in Dayton, Ohio, Trump declined to support universal background checks, saying that existing background checks are already "very, very strong," even though "we have sort of missing areas and areas that don't complete the whole circle." He also indicated that he was not interested in working on bipartisan compromises.
In a speech at a 2023 NRA convention, Trump expressed support for national concealed carry reciprocity which would allow a person with a concealed carry permit in one state to have their permit apply across state lines nationwide.

## Donald Trump's political views
Judiciary
Further information: List of federal judges appointed by Donald Trump
According to The New York Times, many of Trump's statements on legal topics are "extemporaneous and resist conventional legal analysis," with some appearing "to betray ignorance of fundamental legal concepts."
Supreme Court
Main article: Donald Trump Supreme Court candidates
Trump stated he wanted to replace U.S. Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia, who had died, with "a person of similar views and principles". He released a list of eleven potential picks to replace Scalia. The jurists were widely considered to be conservative. All are white, and eight of the eleven are men. Trump had previously insisted that he would seek guidance from conservative groups such as the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation when it came to picking Supreme Court candidates. Several of the judges listed by Trump had questioned abortion rights. Six of the eleven judges had clerked for conservative Supreme Court justices.
Trump has claimed that he "would probably appoint" justices to the Supreme Court who "would look very seriously" at the Hillary Clinton email controversy "because it's a criminal activity." However, under the U.S. Constitution, Supreme Court justices "are neither investigators nor prosecutors."
Trump criticized Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts, a George W. Bush appointee, as a "nightmare for conservatives," citing Roberts' vote in the 2015 decision in King v. Burwell, which upheld provisions of the Affordable Care Act. He also blamed Roberts for the June 2015 Supreme Court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage, apparently in error, since in that case Roberts actually dissented from the majority opinion.
In February 2016, Trump called on the Senate to stop Obama from filling the vacant seat on the Supreme Court.
An analysis by FiveThirtyEight predicted that, under the assumption that Scalia's vacant seat on the Court would not be filled before Trump's presidency, and taking account of the advanced age of three of the sitting justices, that a Trump presidency would move the Supreme Court "rightward toward its most conservative position in recent memory".
Trump ultimately appointed three justices to the court: Neil Gorsuch to replace Scalia, Brett Kavanaugh to replace Anthony Kennedy, and Amy Coney Barrett to replace Ruth Bader Ginsburg. The appointments of Trump's nominees shifted the court to a strongly conservative position. In the period after Trump left office, the court issued several conservative rulings, including declaring that the constitution does not protect abortion, in which Trump's appointees contributed to the majority.
Comments on judges and judicial decisions
Since taking office, Trump has made a series of "escalating attacks on the federal judiciary" in response to judicial decisions against him. After a federal district judge, James Robart, issued a stay of Trump's executive order on travel, immigration, and refugees, Trump disparaged him on Twitter, referring to him as a "the so-called judge" and writing: "[He] put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!"
While presidents in the past have sometimes offered muted criticism of judicial opinions, Trump's personal attacks on individual judges are seen as unprecedented in American history. Trump's remarks prompted criticism from his own nominee, Gorsuch, who told Senator Richard Blumenthal that Trump's statements were "disheartening" and "demoralizing" to the federal judiciary. A number of legal scholars feared that Trump's conduct could undermine public confidence in the courts and endanger the independence of the judiciary.

## Donald Trump's political views
Term limits and ethics regulations
Main article: Term limits in the United States
In October 2016, Trump said that he would push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on members of Congress, so that members of the House of Representatives could serve for a maximum of six years and senators for a maximum of twelve years. Trump also pledged to re-institute a ban on executive branch officials from lobbying for five years after leaving government service and said that he supported Congress instituting a similar five-year lobbying ban of its own, applicable to former members and staff. Under current "cooling-off period" regulations, former U.S. representatives are required to wait one year before they can lobby Congress, former U.S. senators are required to two years, and former executive-branch officials "must wait either two years or one year before lobbying their former agency, depending on how senior they were."

## Donald Trump's political views
Twenty-second Amendment
On multiple occasions since taking office in 2017, Trump has questioned presidential term limits and in public remarks has talked about serving beyond the limits of the Twenty-second Amendment. For instance, during an April 2019 White House event for the Wounded Warrior Project, he joked that he would remain president "at least for 10 or 14 years".

## Donald Trump's political views
Flag desecration
During a rally in June 2020, President Trump told supporters that he thinks flag burning should be punishable by one year in prison.

## Donald Trump's political views
Official language
In 2015 during a debate, Trump said, "This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish."
In June 2019, Senator Steve Daines proposed reviving the previously unsuccessful language amendment, and in doing so received the support of the Trump administration.

## Donald Trump's political views
Video game violence
Main article: Violence and video games
Trump has voiced his opposition to video game violence. After it was erroneously reported that the Sandy Hook shooter frequently played violent video games, Trump tweeted, "Video game violence & glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!"
After the 2019 El Paso shooting, Trump said in a speech, "We must stop the glorification of violence in our society. This includes the gruesome and grisly video games that are now commonplace. It is too easy today for troubled youth to surround themselves with a culture that celebrates violence. We must stop or substantially reduce this and it has to begin immediately."

## Donald Trump's political views
Online gambling
Trump supports online gambling, based on the following reasoning: "This has to happen because many other countries are doing it and like usual the U.S. is just missing out."

## Donald Trump's political views
Science and technology
See also Climate change and pollution, above.
A 2016 report in Scientific American graded Trump and three other top presidential candidates—Hillary Clinton, Gary Johnson, and Jill Stein—on science policy, based on their responses to a twenty-question ScienceDebate.org survey. Trump "came in last on all counts" in grading, with scientists and researchers faulting him for a lack of knowledge or appreciation of scientific issues.

## Donald Trump's political views
Space
Main article: Space policy of the Donald Trump administration
President Trump signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017
As of October 2016, one of Trump's policy advisors declared that, under Trump, NASA would recreate the National Space Council and pursue a goal of "human exploration of the solar system by the end of the century", to drive technology developments to a stronger degree than a crewed mission to Mars. Other goals would include shifting budget to deep space exploration from Earth science and climate research, and pursuit of small satellites and hypersonic technology. A possibility of China joining the International Space Station program was also considered. A stronger role of crewed Lunar exploration is possible in NASA's quest for a crewed mission to Mars. Prior to that statement, the Trump campaign appeared to have little to no space policy at all.

## Donald Trump's political views
Technology and net neutrality
Main article: Net neutrality in the United States
As of June 2016, Trump has published no tech policy proposals. On the campaign trail, Trump frequently antagonized Silicon Valley figures, using his Twitter account to lambast tech leaders such as Jeff Bezos of Amazon, Tim Cook of Apple, and Brian Chesky of Airbnb over a series of months. He is particularly concerned about the social breakdown of American culture caused by technology, and said, "the Internet and the whole computer age is really a mixed bag," having "complicated lives very greatly".
Trump is opposed to net neutrality, asserting that it is "Obama's attack on the internet" and saying that it "will target the conservative media."
Trump has suggested closing "certain areas" of the Internet. Regarding how this relates to freedom of speech, he added "Somebody will say, 'Oh freedom of speech, freedom of speech.' These are foolish people. We have a lot of foolish people."
The tech publication Recode reports that Trump has made no public statements on the issues of patent reform or broadband access.
The Free Press Action Fund, a group of tech policy activists, rated Trump the worst 2016 presidential candidate for "citizens' digital lives," citing his positions opposing reforming the Patriot Act, favoring Internet censorship, and opposing net neutrality.
Social issues and civil liberties
Main article: Social policy of Donald Trump
Abortion
Main article: Abortion in the United States
President Trump speaks at the 2020 March for Life.
Trump describes himself as pro-life and generally opposes abortion with some exceptions: rape, incest, and circumstances endangering the health of the mother. As a candidate, he said he believes the issue of abortion "would have been better if it were up to the states." He said he was committed to appointing justices who would overturn the ruling in Roe v. Wade.
After Roe v. Wade was overturned in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization, Trump took credit for the decision but has not stated whether he supports a federal ban or federal restrictions on abortion.
LGBT rights
See also: LGBT rights in the United States
The Trump administration rolled back many existing LGBT protections and also introduced new policies that undermine LGBT rights.

## Donald Trump's political views
Workplace discrimination
Main article: Employment discrimination law in the United States
In early 2017, Trump reversed an Obama-era directive that had required companies with large federal contracts to prove their compliance with LGBT protections.
In 2018, Trump signed the United States–Mexico–Canada trade agreement with a footnote exempting the United States from complying with the agreement's call for an end to "sex-based discrimination".
The Trump administration unsuccessfully tried to eliminate nondiscrimination protections at the level of the Supreme Court, where the Justice Department intervened in three employment lawsuits—Bostock v. Clayton County; Altitude Express, Inc. v. Zarda; and Harris Funeral Homes v. EEOC—arguing that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not prohibit job discrimination based on sexual orientation or "transgender status." However, despite the Trump administration's intervention, the Supreme Court ruled on these three cases on June 15, 2020, that sexual orientation and gender identity are indeed covered under existing protections for "sex discrimination".

## Donald Trump's political views
Healthcare discrimination
The Affordable Care Act included an Obama-era nondiscrimination provision that explicitly entitled people to receive care regardless of sex or gender identity, but the Trump administration reversed it. On June 12, 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services finalized and revealed its replacement rule. Now, healthcare providers and insurers may decide whether to serve transgender people.

## Donald Trump's political views
Transgender rights
Main article: Transgender rights in the United States
One month after taking office, Trump reversed a directive from the Obama administration that had allowed transgender students to use bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity; this reversal allowed public schools to make their own rules about gendered bathrooms. In 2020, the U.S. Department of Education threatened to withhold funding from Connecticut school districts that allow transgender girls to compete on girls' teams, claiming that the transgender students' participation is a violation of Title IX.
Six months into his presidency, Trump tweeted that transgender individuals would not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the U.S. military, an order that took Pentagon officials by surprise. Eventually, in 2019, the Supreme Court—without hearing arguments or explaining its own decision—allowed the Trump administration to move ahead with the ban.
In 2018, the Department of Health and Human Services wrote a memo planning to establish a definition of gender based on sex assignment at birth. The memo argued in favor of a definition of gender "on a biological basis that is clear, grounded in science, objective and administrable" and the government's prerogative to genetically test individuals to determine their sex. If approved by the Justice Department, the definition would apply across federal agencies, notably the departments of Education, Justice, and Labor, which, along with Health and Human Services, are responsible for enforcing Title IX nondiscrimination statutes.
The Trump administration also reversed Obama-era guidance on transgender prisoners, ordering the Bureau of Prisons instead to house them according to their "biological sex."
In 2019, HUD proposed a new rule to weaken the 2012 Equal Access Rule, which requires equal access to housing regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. This could allow homeless shelters to place transgender women in men's housing or to deny transgender people admission altogether.
In a 2021 speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Orlando, Florida, Trump referred to transgender women who are athletes as "biological males".
In April 2021 Donald Trump attacked Arkansas governor Asa Hutchinson for vetoing legislation that would have banned gender-affirming medical care for transgender minors.
In a video posted on his 2024 campaign website, Trump called gender-affirming care to minors "chemical, physical, and emotional mutilation" and that he would pass a federal law banning it if in office. He also stated that he would have the Department of Justice investigate pharmaceutical companies and hospital networks to determine if they "covered up the long-term side effects of gender transitions" and would remove hospitals who provide gender-affirming care from receiving funds from both Medicare and Medicaid.
On his 2024 campaign website Trump states that he would direct Congress to pass a bill that would mandate the United States only recognize the male and female genders and that they are assigned at birth.

## Donald Trump's political views
Same-sex marriage
Main article: Same-sex marriage in the United States
After several decades of national debate, the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage nationwide in 2015 in the Obergefell v. Hodges ruling. After his election, Trump acknowledged that the court had already "settled" the issue. Trump has not, however, been a personal proponent of same-sex marriage, saying as recently as 2011 that he was "not in favor of gay marriage" and saying during his 2016 campaign that he would "strongly consider" appointing Supreme Court justices who were inclined to overturn Obergefell v. Hodges. He had previously supported and been a proponent of civil unions and he included the policy in his 2000 presidential campaign as a Reform Party candidate. During his last year in office, Donald Trump's 2020 presidential campaign launched "Trump Pride", a coalition within the Trump campaign focused on outreach to LGBTQ voters, and claimed that Trump now supports same-sex marriage.

## Donald Trump's political views
Data collection
The Trump administration has made efforts to remove questions about LGBT identity and relationships from the 2020 census, the American Community Survey, the annual National Survey of Older Americans Act Participants, and the Adoption and Foster Care Analysis and Reporting System.

## Donald Trump's political views
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in the United States
In 2017, Trump dissolved the Office of National AIDS Policy and the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS, both of which had existed since the 1990s. Every year on World AIDS Day—2017, 2018, 2019—Trump's proclamations have omitted mention of LGBT people.

## Donald Trump's political views
Religion-based exemptions
In 2018, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announced the creation of the Conscience and Religious Freedom Division. Its purpose is to enforce federal laws that related to "conscience and religious freedom"; that is, to enable individuals and businesses to exempt themselves from obeying nondiscrimination laws.
In 2019, HHS granted an exemption from an Obama-era nondiscrimination regulation to a foster care agency in South Carolina. HHS cited the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) as a basis for allowing federally funded Christian groups to discriminate against non-Christians. Later that year, the Department of Labor, also referencing the RFRA, proposed a new rule to exempt "religious organizations" from obeying employment nondiscrimination law if they invoke "sincerely held religious tenets and beliefs" as their reason to discriminate. In 2020, the Justice Department filed a brief with the Supreme Court in support of another foster care agency in Pennsylvania, defending the agency's right to turn away same-sex couples as part of its "free exercise of religion".
In 2019, the State Department created the Commission on Unalienable Rights to initiate philosophical discussions of human rights that are grounded in the Catholic concept of "natural law" rather than modern identities based on gender and sexuality. Most of the twelve members of the commission have a history of anti-LGBT comments.

## Donald Trump's political views
Education
In March 2022 Trump said he approved of Florida's Parental Rights in Education bill, also referred to as the "don't say gay" bill, during an interview with The Washington Post that occurred after the bill was signed by Florida governor Ron DeSantis, but did not elaborate as to why he supports it.

## Donald Trump's political views
Diplomacy
The Trump administration eliminated the State Department's position for a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Persons.
In 2018, the Trump administration denied visas to the unmarried same-sex partners of foreign diplomats, even if they were from countries that recognize only civil partnership or that ban same-sex marriage.
Richard Grenell, nominated by Trump as the U.S. ambassador to Germany, is openly gay. In February 2019, Grenell was announced as the leader of a new campaign to decriminalize homosexuality worldwide, and he hosted a meeting with 11 European activists. Trump seemed unaware of the initiative when he was asked about it the next day. Several months later, Trump tweeted that, "as we celebrate LGBT Pride Month," Americans should "stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute" people for their sexual orientation. However, that same week, the Trump administration instructed U.S. embassies not to fly the pride flag during Pride Month.
Donald Trump's political views
Judicial appointments
See also: List of federal judges appointed by Donald Trump
About one-third of Trump's judicial nominees have anti-LGBT records. The U.S. Senate has, as of May 2020, confirmed nearly 400 of Trump's nominees to their new roles. At least one of the confirmed judges, Patrick Bumatay, is openly gay.
Donald Trump's political views
Marijuana
See also: Cannabis policy of the Donald Trump administration
Marijuana and the rights of individual states to legalize recreational and medical marijuana was an issue of Trump's presidential campaign, and he formally stated during his campaign that he believed states should have the right to manage their own policies with regard to medical and recreational marijuana. Following his election, he reversed his position on recreational marijuana and stated he believed medical marijuana should be allowed but stated the Federal Government may seek legal resolutions for those states which regulate the growth and sale of recreational marijuana. However, in April 2018, he once again reversed himself, endorsing leaving the issue to the states; and in June 2018, Trump backed a bill introduced by Republican senator Cory Gardner of Colorado and Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts that would leave the decision to the states.

Kamala Harris' political views
The political positions of Kamala Harris are reflected by her United States Senate voting record, public speeches, and interviews. Harris served as the junior senator from California from 2017 to 2021. On August 11, 2020, presumptive Democratic presidential nominee [Joe Biden](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Biden "Joe Biden") [selected](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_Democratic_Party_vice_presidential_candidate_selection "2020 Democratic Party vice presidential candidate selection") her as his running mate in the [2020 United States presidential election](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_U.S._presidential_election "2020 U.S. presidential election"), running against incumbent U.S. President [Donald Trump](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump "Donald Trump") and Vice President [Mike Pence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Pence "Mike Pence"). With Biden's victory, Harris became vice president. She announced her candidacy in the [2024 United States presidential election](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2024_United_States_presidential_election "2024 United States presidential election") after Biden chose not to run for reelection on July 21, 2024.
Harris's politics are widely seen as consistent with Biden's positions. In 2020, The New York Times called her a [pragmatic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Realpolitik "Realpolitik") moderate, with policy positions that broadly mirror Biden's. Left-wing activists have often criticized Harris for her actions as a prosecutor, which have been called "right-wing".
President Joe Biden and former President Barack Obama look on as Vice President Harris delivers remarks on the Affordable Care Act, April 2022.
Donald Trump speaking style
thank you very much thank you very very
much
wow and thank you
Dana thank you Kid Rock sometimes
referred to as
Bob and thank you Lee right from the
beginning thank you very much what a
talent what a beautiful beautiful soul
thank
you
friends delegates and fellow citizens I
stand before you this evening with a
message of confidence strength and hope
four months from now we will have an
incredible Victory and we will begin the
four greatest years in the history of
our
country together we will launch a new
era of safety prosperity and freedom for
citizens of every race religion color
and Creed the Discord and Division in
our society must be healed we must heal
it quickly as Americans we are bound
together by a single fate and a shared
Destiny We rise together or we fall
apart I am running to be president for
all of America not half of America
because there is no victory in win
winning for half of
America so tonight with faith and
devotion I proudly accept your
nomination for president of the United
States thank you
thank you very
[Applause]
much thank you very
much and we will do it right going to do
it right
let me begin this evening by expressing
my gratitude to the American people for
your outpouring of love and support
following the assassination attempt at
my rally on
Saturday as you already know the
Assassins bullet came within a quarter
of an inch of taking my
life so many people people have asked me
what happened tell us what happened
please and therefore I will tell you
exactly what happened and you'll never
hear it from me a second time because
it's actually too painful to
tell it was a warm beautiful day in the
early evening in Butler Township in the
great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
music was loudly playing and the
campaign was doing really well I went to
the stage and the crowd was cheering
wildly everybody was happy I began
speaking very strongly powerfully and
happily because I was discussing the
great job my Administration did on
immigration at the southern border we
were very proud of
it behind me and to the right was a
large screen that was displaying a chart
of border crossings under my
leadership the numbers were absolutely
amazing in order to see the
chart I started to like this turn to my
right
Donald Trump speaking style
and was ready to
begin a little bit further turn which
I'm very lucky I didn't do when I heard
a loud whizzing sound and felt something
hit me really really
hard on my right
ear I said to myself wow what was
that it can only be a bullet
and moved my right hand to my ear
brought it down my hand was covered with
blood just absolutely blood all over the
place I immediately knew it was very
serious that we were under
attack and in one movement proceeded to
drop to the
ground bullets were continuing to
fly as very brave Secret Service agents
rushed to the stage and they really did
they rushed to the
stage these are great
people at Great risk I will tell you and
pounced on top of me so that I would be
protected there was blood pouring
everywhere and yet in a certain way I
felt very safe because I had God on my
side I felt
that the amazing thing is that prior to
the shot if I had not moved my head at
that very last instant the Assassin's
bullet would have perfectly hit its Mark
and I would not be here tonight we would
not be
together the most incredible aspect of
what took place on that terrible evening
in the fading
sun was actually seen
later in almost all cases as you
probably know and when even a single
bullet is fired just a single
bullet and we had many bullets that were
being fired
crowds Run for the exits or Stampede but
not in this case it's very
unusual this massive crowd of tens of
thousands of people stood by and didn't
move an inch in fact many of them
bravely but automatically stood up
looking for where the sniper would be
they knew immediately it was a
sniper and then then began pointing at
him you can see that if you look at the
group behind me that was just a small
group compared to what was in
front nobody ran and by not stampeding
many lives were
saved but that isn't the
reason that they didn't move the reason
is that they knew I was in very serious
trouble they saw it they saw me go down
they saw the blood
and thought actually most did that I was
dead they knew it was a shot to the Head
they saw the blood and there's an
interesting statistic the ears are the
bloodiest part if something happens with
the ears they bleed more than any other
part of the body for whatever reason the
doctors told me that I said why is there
so much blood he said it's the ears they
bleed more so we learned something but
they just
they just this beautiful crowd they
didn't want to leave me they knew I was
in trouble they didn't want to leave me
and you can see that love written all
over their
faces incredible people they're
incredible people bullets were flying
over us yet I felt Serene but now the
Secret Service agents were putting
themselves in Peril they were in very
dangerous territory bullets were flying
right over them missing them by a very
small amount of
inches and then it all
stopped our secret service
sniper from a much greater distance and
with only one bullet
used took the Assassin's life took him
out
I'm not supposed to be here tonight not
supposed to be here yes

## Donald Trump speaking style
you thank
you but I'm not and I'm I'll tell
you I stand before you in this Arena
only by the grace of almighty
God in watching the reports over the
last few days many people say it was a
providential moment probably was when I
Rose surrounded by Secret
Service the crowd was confused because
they thought I was dead and there was
great great sorrow I could see that on
their faces as I looked out they didn't
know I was looking out they thought it
was over but I could see it and I wanted
to do something to let him know I was
okay I raised my right arm looked at the
thousands and thousands of people that
were breathlessly waiting and started
shouting f fight fight
fight thank
you once my clenched fist went
up and it was high into the air you've
all seen
that the crowd realized I was okay and
roared with pride for our country like
no crowd I have ever heard
before never heard anything like
that for the rest of my life I will be
grateful for the love shown by that
giant audience of Patriots that stood
bravely on that fateful evening in
Pennsylvania tragically the shooter
claimed the life of one of our fellow
Americans Corey
comparator unbelievable person everybody
tells
me

## Donald Trump speaking style
unbelievable and seriously
wounded two other great
warriors spoke to them
today David Dutch and James
copenhaver two great
people I also spoke to all three
families of these tremendous people our
love and prayers are with them and
always will be we're never going to
forget them they came for a Great Rally
they were serious trumpsters I want to
tell you they were serious trumpsters
and still are but Corey unfortunately we
have to use the past tense he was
incredible he was a highly respected
former fire chief respected by everybody
was accompanied by his wife Helen
incredible woman I spoke to her today
devastated and two precious daughters he
lost his life selflessly acting as a
human shield to protect them from flying
bullets he went right over the top of
them and was
hit What a fine man he was
[Applause]
I want to thank the fire department and
the family for
sending his helmet his outfit and uh it
was just something and they're going to
do something very special when they get
it but we did something which cannot
match what happened not even close but I
am very proud to say that over the past
few days we've raised $6.3 million
for the families of David
James and Corey including from a friend
of mine just called up he sent me a
check right here I just got it $1
million from Dan nulan thank you
[Applause]
Dan and again when speaking to the
family I told them I said well I'm going
to be we sending you a lot of money but
it can't compensate they all said the
same thing you're right sir we
appreciate so much what you're doing but
nothing can take the place in the case
of Corey and the other two by the way
they were very very seriously injured
but now they're doing very well they're
going to be
okay they're going to be doing very
well the Warriors so now I ask that we
preserve a moment of silence in honor of
our friend
Corey there is no greater love than to
lay down one's life for others this is
the spirit that fors
America in her Darkest Hours and this is
the love that will lead America back to
the summit of human achievement and
greatness this is what we need despite
such a heinous attack we unite this
evening more
determined than ever I am more
determined than ever and so are you so
is everybody in
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you thank you very
[Applause]
much our resolve is unbroken and our
purpose is unchanged to deliver a
government that serves the American
people better than ever before nothing
will stop me in this Mission because our
vision is righteous and our cause is
pure no matter what obstacle comes our
way we will not break we will not Bend
we will not back down and I will never
stop fighting for you your family and
our magnificent
country
never and everything I have to give with
all of the energy and fight in my heart
and soul I pledge to our nation tonight
thank you very much I pledge that to our
nation going to turn our nation around
and we're going to do it very quickly
thank
[Applause]
you this election should be about the
issues facing our country and how to
make America successful safe free and
great again
and in an age when our politics too
often divide us now is the time to
remember that we are all fellow citizens
we are one nation under God indivisible
with liberty and justice for all
and we must not criminalize dissent or
demonize political disagreement which is
what's been happening in our country
lately at a level that nobody has ever
seen before in that Spirit the Democrat
Party should immediately stop
weaponizing the justice system and
labeling their political opponent as an
enemy of
democracy especially since that is not
true in fact I am the one saving
democracy for the people of our
country and very big news as you
probably just read on Monday a major
ruling was handed down from a highly
respected federal judge in Florida
Eileen Cannon finding that the
prosecutor and the fake documents case
against
me were totally unconstitutional and the
entire case was thrown out of
court with all of that publicity thrown
out of
court if Democrats want to unify our
country they should drop these partisan
witch hunts which I have been going
through for approximately 8
years and they should do that without
delay and allow an election to proceed
that is worthy of our people we're going
to win it
anyway but worthy of our
people on this journey I am deeply
honored to be
joined by my amazing wife Melania
and Melania thank you very much you also
did something really beautiful a letter
to America calling for National unity
and it really took the Republican Party
by surprise I will tell you it was
beautiful
in fact some very serious people said
that we should take that letter and put
it as part of the Republican platform
that would be an honor wouldn't
it right Mr
Congressman but it captivated so many so
I also want to thank my entire family
for being here Don Kimberly Ivanka and
Jared Eric and Lara Tiffany and Michael
Baron we love our
Baron and of course my 10 wonderful
grandchildren you saw a few of them up
there on my lap

## Donald Trump speaking style
before and how good was Dana was Dana
good I mean you know was he good
you know he was
on probably the only vacation he's had
in about uh maybe ever cuz he works but
about 10 years with his wife very far
away I won't tell you where but very
very far away beautiful place and my
people called and he said yeah I won't
be able to do it this is many many years
I promised my wife I can't do it and
they came in they said Dana won't be
able to do it cuz he was my first second
and third choice
I said well you know that's too bad but
I understand he's away and it's good
it's good for him and that was it about
30 minutes later she came back in sir
Dana just called he's going to do it and
his wife she said you can't turn him
down you just can't do it you have to go
that's a good
wife so he got on a plane he got here a
little while ago now he's going to get
on the plane in a little while and he's
going to go back home to his wife but
they're great and I just want to thank
her and him and their whole family
because that's not easy and Kid Rock
same thing C he
said he said I want to be a part of
it I want to be a part because you know
kid does his great song big big monster
song I had no idea you know it became a
friend of mine over the last 10 years
and and uh he's amazing everyone loves
him I didn't even know how big he was
you know he has rallies 35 40,000 people
he gets every time he goes out I think
he's making so much money he doesn't
know what the hell to do with it you
want to
know and then we have my other friend
and I've known him so long and we took
that song and it was a big success but
we made that I saw a chart of great
songs to America that was number one on
the chart recently number one
so that's Lee Greenwood very special
beautiful person he's a beautiful
man but they all wanted to be here they
called and how about the hulster how
good was he is
he where is
he boy oh boy
you know they may call it they may call
that entertainment I know about
entertainment but when he used to lift a
350 pound man over his shoulders and
then bench press him two rows into the
audience I said may be entertainment but
he is one strong son of a gun I'm going
to tell you I watched it many time there
aren't a lot of entertainers that can do
that

## Donald Trump speaking style
right you were fantastic thank you very
much followed
by Eric what was that all about boy that
was good I didn't want to really come up
here but he was so great and he's such a
good young man he went through a lot of
trouble and Don last night was
incredible he went through so much
trouble they got subpoena more than any
people probably in the history of the
United States every week they get
another subpoena from the Democrats
crazy Nancy Pelosi the whole thing just
boom boom boom
they've got to stop that because they're
destroying our country we have to work
on making America great again not on
beating people and we won we beat them
in all we beat them on the impeachments
we beat them on indictments we beat them
but the time that you have to
spend the time that you have to spend if
they would devote that genius to helping
our country we'd have a much stronger
and better
country and Jason the biggest star in
Country music Jason thank you for being
here Jason thank you very much Jason Al
he's good I like his I like his wife
even better by the way she's
here thank you Jason
but I'm thrilled to have a new friend
and partner Fighting by my side the next
Vice President of the United States the
current senator from Ohio JD Vance and
his incredible wife Usha
he's going to be a
great vice president he's going to be
great be with this country and with his
movement greatest movement in the
history of our country make America
great again when they criticize it they
say we're going to try and stop mag I
said mag is making America great again
what are you going to stop there's
nothing to
stop then they say oh that's right it's
very tough to fight
it and all of the people that did try
and fight it have failed but he's going
to be with us for a long time and it was
an honor to select him great great
student at Yale his wife was a great
student at Yale they met at Yale these
are two smart
people so J you're going to be doing
this for a long time enjoy the
ride and a very special thank you to the
Extraordinary People of Milwaukee
and the great state
[Music]
of oh there they are there they are
that's you are so easy to

## Donald Trump speaking style
spot and Green Bay is going to have a
good team this year right they're going
to have a good
time they're going to have a good
time most of the audience doesn't like
it but it's true you're going to have a
very good table this
year and by the way Wisconsin we are
spending over $250 million here creating
jobs and other
Economic Development all over the place
so I hope you will remember this in
November and give us your vote I am
trying to buy your
vote I'll be honest about
that and I promise we will make
Wisconsin great again w
make thank you Mr Governor thank you
very much thank you I'm here tonight to
lay out a vision for the whole nation to
every citizen whether you're a young or
old man or woman Democrat Republican or
independent black or white asian Or
Hispanic I extend to you a hand of
loyalty and of friendship together we
will lead America to new heights of
greatness like the world has never seen
before we were right there in the first
term we got hit with Co we did a great
job nobody knew what it was but nobody's
ever seen an economy preco and then we
handed over a stock market that was
substantially higher than just prior to
co coming in did a great job never got
credit for that we got credit for the
war and defeating Isis and so many
things the great economy the biggest tax
cuts ever the biggest regulation cuts
ever the creation of space force the
rebuilding of our military we did so
much we did so much right to try right
to try is a big deal we got right to try
they were trying to get that for 52
years somebody's terminally ill and
hopefully there's nobody in this
audience but it does happen a lot
they're terminally ill and they can't
use our new space age drugs and other
things that wew had we have the greatest
doctors in the world the greatest
Laboratories in the world and you can't
do it they've been trying to get that
approved for 52 years wasn't that easy
the insurance companies didn't want to
do it they didn't want the risk the labs
didn't want to do it because if it
didn't work people are pretty far down
the line toward death they didn't want
to do it the doctors didn't want to have
it on their record so I got everybody
into an office 52 years they tried
sounds simple but it's not and I got
them to agree that somebody that needs
it will instead of going to Asia Europe
or someplace or if you have no money
going home and dying just
die we got them to sign an agreement
agree to it where they're not going to
sue anybody they're going to get all of
this stuff they're going to get it
really fast and what's happened is we're
saving thousands and thousands of lives
it's incredible right to
try it's great

## Donald Trump speaking style
feeling under our leadership the United
States will be respected again no Nation
will question our power no enemy will
doubt our might our borders will be
Totally Secure our economy will
soar we will return Law and Order to our
streets patriotism to our schools and
importantly we will restore peace
stability and Harmony all throughout the
world but to achieve this future we must
first rescue our nation from failed and
even incompetent leadership we have
totally incompetent leadership this will
be the most important election in the
history of our country under the current
Administration we are indeed a nation in
Decline we have an inflation crisis that
is making life unaffordable ravaging the
incomes of working and lowincome
families and crushing just simply
crushing our people like never before
they've never seen anything like it we
also have an illegal
immigration crisis and it's taking place
right now as we sit here in this
beautiful Arena it's a massive Invasion
at our Southern border that has spread
misery crime poverty disease and
destruction to communities all across
our land nobody's ever seen anything
like it then there is an international
crisis the likes of which the world has
seldom been part of nobody can believe
what's happening war is now raging in
Europe in the Middle East a growing
Spectre of conflict hangs over Taiwan
Korea the Philippines and all of Asia
and our planet is teetering on the edge
of World War II and this will be a war
like no of the war because of Weaponry
the weapons are no longer army tanks
going back and forth shooting at each
other these weapons are
obliteration it's time for a change this
is

## Donald Trump speaking style
Administration can't come close to
solving the problems we're dealing with
very tough very Fierce People they're
fierce
people and we don't have Fierce People
we have people that are a lot less than
Fierce except when it comes to cheating
on elections and a couple of other
things then they're
fierce then they're
fierce so
tonight I make this pledge to the great
people of America I will end the
devastating inflation crisis immediately
bring down interest rates and lower the
cost of energy we will drill baby drill
[Applause]
can you believe what they're
doing but by doing that we will lead a
large scale decline in prices prices
will start to come down energy raised it
they took our energy policies and
destroyed them then they immediately
went back to them but by that time so
much was lost but we will do it at
levels that nobody's ever seen before
and we'll end
lots of different things we'll start
paying off debt and start lowering taxes
even further we gave you the largest tax
cut we'll do it more know people don't
realize I brought taxes way down way way
down and yet we took in more revenues
the following year than we did when the
tax rate was much higher most people
said how did you do that because it was
incentive everybody was coming to the
country they were bringing back billions
and billions of dollars into our country
the companies made it impossible to
bring it back the tax rate was too high
and the legal complications were far too
great I changed both of them and
hundreds of billions of dollars by Apple
and so many other companies would
brought back into our nation and we had
an economy the likes of which nobody no
Nation had ever seen China we were
beating them at levels that were
incredible and they know it they know
we'll do it again but we'll do it even
better I will end the illegal
immigration crisis by closing our border
and finishing the wall most of which
I've already
built on the wall we were dealing with a
very difficult Congress and I said oh
that's okay we won't go to Congress I
call it an invasion we gave our military
almost $800 billion I said I'm going to
take a little of that money because this
is an invasion and we built most of the
wall is already built and we built it
through using the funds because what's
more what's better than that we have to
stop The
Invasion into our country that's killing
hundreds of thousands of people a year
we're not going to let that
happened I will end every single intern
ational crisis that the current
Administration has created including the
horrible war with Russia and Ukraine
which would have never happened if I was
president and the War caused by the
attack on

## Donald Trump speaking style
Israel which would have never happened
if I was President Iran was broke Iran
had no money now Iran has $250 billion
they made it all over the last two and a
half years they were broke I watched the
other day on a show called deface the
nation has anyone seen it and they had a
congressman who was a Democrat say well
whether you like them or not Iran was
broke dealing with Trump I told China
and other countries if you buy from Iran
we will not let you do any business in
this country and we will put tariffs on
every product you do send in of 100% or
more and they said to me well I think
that's about it they weren't going to
buy any oil and were ready to make a
deal Iran was going to make a deal with
us and then we had that horrible
horrible result that we'll never let
happen again the election result we
never going to let that happen again
they used Co to cheat we're never going
to let it happen
again and they took off all the
sanctions and they did everything
possible for Iran and now Iran is very
close to having a nuclear weapon which
would have never happened this is a
shame what what this Administration the
damage that this Administration has done
and I say it often if you took the 10
worst Presidents in the history of the
United States think of it the 10 worst
added them up they will not have done
the damage that Biden has done only
going to use the term once Biden I'm not
going to use the name anymore just one
time the damage that he's done to this
country is Unthinkable it's
Unthinkable together we will restore
Vision strength confidence and what
we're going to have a thing called
common sense making most of our
decisions actually it's all common
sense just a few short years ago under
my presidency we had the most secure
border and best economy in the history
of our country in the history of the
world we had the greatest economy in the
history of the world we had never done
anything like it we were beating every
country including China by Leaps and
Bounds nobody had seen anything like it
we had no inflation soaring incomes we
going nobody's nobody can believe it you
can't believe what happened four years
ago is happening now in reverse and the
world was at peace inflation has been a
killer for our country no matter what
you make it it doesn't matter because
inflation is eating you alive people
that were putting away money they were
making great wages the highest they've
ever made but they were putting away a
lot of money now they are just being
destroyed they're not putting away
anything they're barely living they're
going into savings accounts they're
taking out their money to live because
of inflation inflation remember it's
called a country Buster you can go back
to Germany from 100 years ago you can go
back to any country that suffered great
inflation we've suffered the worst
inflation we've ever had but go back and
see what's happened to those countries
we've had the worst inflation we've ever
had under this person

## Donald Trump speaking style
but in less than four years our
opponents have turned incredible success
into unparallel tragedy and failure it's
been a tremendous failure today our
cities are flooded with illegal aliens
Americans are being squeezed out of the
labor force and their jobs are taken by
the way you know who's taking the jobs
the jobs that are created 107% of those
jobs are taken by illegal aliens and you
know who's being hurt the most by
millions of people pouring into our
country the black population and the
Hispanic population because they're
taking the jobs from our black
population our Hispanic population and
they're also taking them from unions the
unions are suffering because of
it thank you thank you I like you
too thank you very much inflation has
wiped out the life savings of our
citizens and forced the middle class
into a state of depression and despair
that's what it is it's Despair and
depression we cannot and will not let
this continue less than four years ago
we were a great nation and we will soon
be a great nation again we're going to
be a great nation again
thank you with proper leadership every
disaster we are now enduring will be
fixed and it will be fixed very very
quickly so tonight whether you've
supported me in the past or not I hope
you will support me in the future
because I will bring back the American
dream that's what we're going to do you
don't even hear about the American dream
anymore with great humility I am asking
you to be excited
about the future of our country be
excited be

## Donald Trump speaking style
excited and by the
way the news reports all look at all of
those big networks look at them they're
all here but every one of them has said
this could be the most organized best
run and most
enthusiastic Convention of either party
that they have ever seen every single
one and it's
true it's true and there's love in the
room there's great love in the
room so I better finish strong otherwise
we'll blow it and we can't let that
happen
now this was great all of the great
people that spoke and everybody hit a
home run I mean there's not one that I
can think of where I said oh gee that
wasn't great every single person I
refuse to be the only one don't do that
to me they're already getting ready see
I gave him an
idea now we had a this was a great
convention this was uh I think we're
actually going to go home and miss it
you know usually with a con first of all
look at these crowds you'd never have
this at a convention look at these
crowds
love it's about love this week the
entire Republican party has formally
adopted an agenda for America's renewal
and you saw that agenda and it's very
short compared to the long boring
meaningless agendas of the past
including the Democrats they write these
things that are hundreds of pages long
and they never read them after they're
done in their case fortunately they
don't read them because they're pretty
bad it's a series of bold promises that
we will swiftly Implement when you give
us a republican
house and Mr speaker thank you very
much we have our great speaker of the
house with us tonight Mr speaker thank
you very
much thank
you hey Republican Senate we have many
senators
here and send me back to our beautiful
white house just a few short months from
now we're talking about just months it
can't come fast enough we have to get it
done first we must get economic relief
to our citizens starting on day one we
will drive down prices and make America
affordable again we have to make it
affordable it's not
affordable people can't live like
because under this
Administration our current
Administration groceries are up 57%
gasoline is up 60 and 70% mortgage rates
have

## Donald Trump speaking style
quadrupled and the fact is it doesn't
matter what they are because you can't
get the money anywhere can't buy houses
young people can't get any financing to
buy a house the total household costs
have increase an average of
$28,000 per family under this
Administration
Republicans have a plan to bring down
prices and bring them down very very
rapidly by slashing energy costs we will
in turn reduce the cost of
Transportation manufacturing and all
household goods so much starts with
energy and remember we have more Liquid
Gold under our feet than any other
country by far we are a nation that has
the opportunity to make an absolute
Fortune with its energy we have it and
China does it under the Trump
Administration just three and a half
years ago we were energy independent but
soon we will actually be better than
that we will be energy dominant and
Supply not only ourselves but we will
supply the rest of the
world with numbers that nobody has ever
seen and we will reduce our debt 36
trillion do we will start reducing that
and we will also reduce your taxes still
further next and by the way they want to
raise your taxes four times think of it
and all my life I grew up watching
politicians I always love politics I
guess I was on the other side I'd
watched Pol and they were always talking
about we will give you a tax cut we will
give you a tax cut we my whole life I
was watching I will give you a tax cut
right Mr Congressman that's all they
talked about this is the only
Administration that said we're going to
raise your taxes by four times what
you're paying now and people are
supposed to vote for them I've never
heard it you're paying too much we're
going to reduce your taxes still further
we gave you the biggest one as I said
we're going to give you more and it's
going to lead to tremendous growth we
want growth in our country that's what's
going to pay off our
debt and next we will end the ridiculous
and actually incredible waste of
taxpayer dollars that is fueling the
inflation crisis they spent trillions of
dollars on things having to do with the
green new scam it's a scam and that's
caused tremendous inflationary pressures
in addition to the cost of energy and
all of the trillions of dollars that are
sitting there not yet spent we will
redirect that money for important
projects like roads Bridges dams and we
will not allow it to be spent on meat
meaningless green new scam
ideas and I will end the electric
vehicle mandate on day
one thereby saving the US Auto industry
from complete obliteration which is
happening right now and saving us
customers thousands thousands and
thousands of dollars per
car and right now as we speak large
factories just started are being built
across the border in Mexico so with all
the other things happening our border
and they're being built by China to make
cars and to sell them into our country
no tax no anything the United aut
workers ought to be ashamed for allowing
this to happen and the leader of the the
United Auto Workers should be fired
immediately and every single aut worker
Union and non union should be voting for
Donald Trump because we're going to
bring back car manufacturing and we're
going to bring it back
fast they're building some of the
largest Auto plants anywhere in the
world think of it in the world we're
going to bring it back we're going to
make them we don't mind the we don't
mind that happening but those plants
going to be built in the United States
and our people are going to man those
plants and if they don't agree with us
we'll put a tariff of approximately 100
to 200% on each car and they will be
unsalable in the United
States we have long been taken advantage
of by other

## Donald Trump speaking style
countries and think of it often times
these other countries are con considered
so-called allies they've taken advantage
of us for years we lose jobs we lose
revenue and they gain everything and
wipe out our businesses wipe out our
people I stopped it for four years I
stopped it and we're really ready to
make changes like nobody had seen before
and remember usmca I got rid of NAFTA
the worst trade deal ever made and
replaced it with usmca which is they say
the best trade deal ever
made actually probably proba the best
trade deal was the deal I made with
China where they buy $50 billion worth
of our product they were buying nothing
they buy $50 billion worth they had to
but I don't even talk about it because
of Co I don't even mention it frankly
because of what happened with the China
virus we will not let countries come in
take our jobs and plunder
our nation they come and do that they
plunder our nation the
way they will sell their product in
America is to build it in America very
simple Build It in America and only in
America
[Applause]
and this very simple formula and
Congress has to go along with us and
they will this very simple formula will
create massive numbers of jobs we will
take over the Auto industry again and
many many hundreds of thousands of jobs
we lost so many jobs over the years if
you go back 20 25 years they've stolen
going to China and Mexico about 68% of
our Auto industry manufacturing jobs
we're going to get them all back we're
going to get them all back every one of
them at the center of our plan for
economic relief are massive tax cuts for
workers that include something else
that's turned out to be very popular
actually here it's very popular in this
building and all those hotels that I saw
that are so nice I'm staying in a nice
one it's called no tax on tips no tax on
tips no tax on tips
I got that by having dinner
recently in Nevada where we're leading
by about 14
points
hello I'll see you there very soon
everybody and we're having dinner at a
beautiful restaurant and the building on
the strip and it's a great building and
the waitress comes over how's everything
going really nice person how's
everything oh sir it's so tough the
government's after me all the time on
tips tips tips I said well they give you
cash would they be able to find them she
said actually and I didn't know this she
said very little cash is given it's all
put right on the check and they come in
and they take so much of our money it's
just ridiculous and they don't believe
anything we say and they've just hired
as you know
88,000 agents to go after him even

## Donald Trump speaking style
more and I said this shows the level of
my you know most people go out they hire
Consultants they're pay millions of
dollars but I said to her let me just
ask you a question would you be happy if
you had no tax on tips she said what a
great idea I got my information from a
very smart waitress that's better than
spending billions of
dollars and
everybody everybody loves it waitresses
and caddies and drivers and everybody
it's a large large group of people that
are being really hurt badly they make
money let them keep their
money I'm going to protect Social
Security and Medicare Democrats are
going to destroy Social Security and
Medicare because all of these people by
the millions they're coming in they're
going to be on Social Security and
Medicare and other things and you're not
able to afford
they are destroying your Social Security
and your Medicare under my plan incomes
will Skyrocket inflation will vanish
completely jobs will come roaring back
and the middle class will prosper like
never ever before and we're going to do
it very
rapidly but no hope or dream we have for
America can succeed unless we stop the
illegal immigrant Invasion the worst
that's ever been seen anywhere in the
world there's never been an invasion
like this anywhere third world countries
would fight with sticks and stones not
to let this happen The Invasion at our
Southern border we will stop it and we
will stop it quickly you heard Tom Homan
yesterday Tom homman put him in charge
and just sit back and
[Applause]
watch Brandon

## Donald Trump speaking style
Jud a border patrol he's incredible
these guys that you know they they
really their job is a lot easier if they
don't have to do anything but they want
to their Patriots Brandon Jud border
patrol ice ice goes out you have to see
what ice does with MS13 you have these
These are probably the worst gang and
Ice goes in there and I know a lot of
people in these rows here and they're
very tough people but they don't want to
do this job they'll go into a pack of
MS13 Killers they're the worst probably
the worst gangs in the world we have
thousands of them I move thousands and
thousands out in my four years we moved
them out and it was a pleasure but ice
would go right into a pack of these
killers and you see fists flying you see
everything flying and then they take
them they put them in a Patty
wagon they take him back and they get
them out of our country and the other
countries weren't accepting them back
and I called up and I said tell them
that we're not giving them economic aid
anymore and the next day I got calls
from all of these countries that were
terminated billions of dollars we spend
on economic a paid to countries that
does US frankly no good and the next day
I was called by everybody I couldn't
take all the call sir sir what's the
problem I said you won't take your
Killers back that you sent in Caravans
into America you won't take them back
well sir uh if you'd like us to we would
give very serious consideration to doing
that and within 24 hours they were being
taken back for years and years when I
first came in they said President Obama
tried to get him to go back and they
wouldn't accept him they'd put planes on
the runway so you couldn't lead the
plane they'd closed the road so you
couldn't take the buses at all have to
turn back as soon as I said no more
economic aid of any kind to any country
that does that they called back and they
said sir it would be our great honor to
take MS13 we love them very
much we love them very much sir we'll
take them
back at the heart of the Republican
platform form is our pledge to end this
border Nightmare and fully restore the
sacred and Sovereign borders of the
United States of America and we're going
to do that on day
one that means two things in day one
right drill baby drill and close our
borders and by the way and I think
everybody as a republican as a patriot
in this room and most Democrats we want
people to come into our country but they
have to come into our country
legally
Legally less than four years ago I
handed this Administration the strongest
Border in American history but you can
see on the chart that saved my life that
was the chart that saved my life I said
look it I'm so proud of it I think it's
one of the
greatest it was done by the border
patrol one of the greatest charts I've
ever seen it showed everything just like
that you know the chart oh there it is
that's pretty good
wow last time I put up that chart I
never really got to look at
it but without that
chart I would not be here today
never got to look at
[Applause]
it I said you got to see this chart I
was so proud of it and by the time I got
to there I never got to see it that day
but I'm seeing it now and I was very
proud if you look at the arrow on the
bottom that's the lowest level the one
on the bottom heavy red arrow that's the
lowest level of illegal immigrants ever
to come into our country in recorded
history right

## Donald Trump speaking style
there and that was my last week in
office and then you see what happened
after I left look at the rest and if you
go out a little bit further it's getting
to be a little bit old but I love it
anyway right but you can go much higher
with those numbers look what happened
right after that The Invasion began we
had the opposite it we stopped The
Invasion but the invasion that we
stopped was peanuts by comparison to
what happened after I left look at what
happened after I left they took over our
country we ended all catch and release
we shut down Asylum fraud we stopped
human trafficking and forged historic
agreements to keep illegal aliens on
foreign soil we want them to stay on
their soil under the Trump
Administration if you came in illegally
you were apprehended immediately and you
were deported you went right
back the current Administration
terminated every single one of those
great Trump policies that I put in place
to seal the Border I wanted to seal
border again come in but come in Legally
you know how unfair it is so many people
hundreds of thousands of people have
been working for years to come into our
country and now they see these people
pour into our country at levels that are
unprecedented so unfair and we're not
going to do it it we're not going to
stand for it they suspended wall
construction ended remain in Mexico we
had a policy remain in Mexico you think
that was easy to get from the Mexican
Government but I said you must give it
to us if you don't give it to us there
will be repercussions and they gave it
to us but not easy cancelled our safe
third agreements demolished title 42
implemented Nationwide Catch and Release
that's Catch and Release where we catch
them and release them into our country I
had we catch them and release them into
Mexico it was a slight
difference and took 93 this is the
previous
administration 93 executive actions to
throw open our border to the world the
entire world is pouring into our country
because of this very foolish
Administration the greatest invasion in
history is taking place right here in
our country they are coming in from
every corner of the earth not just from
South America but from Africa Africa
Asia the Middle East they're coming from
everywhere they're coming at levels that
we've never seen before it is an
invasion indeed and this Administration
does absolutely nothing to stop
them they're coming from prisons they're
coming from jails they're coming from
mental institutions and insane
asylums I you know the Press is always
on me because I say this has anyone seen
Silence of the Lambs
the late great Hannibal
lecta he'd love to have you for
dinner that's in s asylums they're
emptying out there in s
asylums and terrorists are coming in at
numbers that we've never seen before bad
things are going to happen meanwhile our
crime rate is going up while crime
statistics all over the world are going
down because they're taking their
criminals and they're putting them into
our

## Donald Trump speaking style
country a certain country and I happen
to like the president of that country
very much but he's been getting great
publicity because he's a
wonderful Shepherd of the country he
says how well the country is doing
because their crime rate is down and he
said he's training all of these rough
people they're rough rough rough he's
training them and I've been reading
about this for two years I think oh
that's wonderful let's take a look at it
but then I realized he's not training
them he send all of his criminals his
drug dealers his people that are in
jails he's sending them all to the
United States and he's different and
that he doesn't say that he's trying to
convince everybody what a wonderful job
he does in running the country well he
doesn't do a wonderful job and by the
way have I ran one of the countries many
countries many many countries from all
over I would be worse than any of them I
would have had the place totally emptied
out already
but we become a Dumping Ground for the
rest of the world which is laughing at
us they think we're stupid and they
can't believe that they're getting away
with what they're getting away with but
they're not going to be getting away
with it for long that's what I can tell
you in

## Donald Trump speaking style
Venezuela Caracas high crime high crime
Caracas Venezuela
really dangerous place but not
anymore because in Venezuela crime is
down 72% in
fact if they would ever win this
election I hate to even say that we will
have our next Republican convention in
Venezuela because it will be safe our
cities our cities will be so unsafe we
won't be H we will not be able to have
it there in El Salvador bers are down by
70% why are they down
now he would have you convinced that
because he's trained murderers to be
wonderful people no they're down because
they're sending their
murderers to the United States of
America this is going to be very
bad and bad things are going to happen
and you're seeing it happen all the time
that's why to keep our famili safe the
Republican platform promises to launch
the largest deportation operation in the
history of our
country even larger than that of
President Dwight D
Eisenhower from many years ago you know
he was a moderate but he believed very
strongly in borders he had the largest
deportation operation we've ever had
just recently I spoke to The Grieving
mother of Joselyn Nary a wonderful
woman a precious 12-year-old girl from
Houston who last month was tied up
assaulted and strangled to death after
walking to the convenience store just a
block away from her house her body was
dumped near the side of the road in a
shallow Creek found by some onlookers
who couldn't believe what they had
witnessed charged with joselyn's heinous
murder or two illegal aliens from
Venezuela who came across our border
were in custody and were then released
into the country by this horrible
horrible admin Administration that we
have right now I also met recently with
the heartbroken mother and sister of
Rachel Moren Rachel was a 37-year-old
mom of five beautiful children who was
brutally raped and murdered while out on
a run she wanted to keep herself in good
shape it was very important her she was
murdered the monster responsible first
killed another woman in El Salvador
before he was led into America by the
White House this White House let them in
he then attacked a 9-year-old girl and
her mother in a home invasion in Los
Angeles before murdering Rachel in
Maryland traveled all throughout the
country doing tremendous damage Rachel's
mother will never be the same I spent
time with her she will never be the same
I've also met with the wonderful family
of lake and Riley the brilliant 22y old
nursing student she was so proud of
being first in her class
was out for a jog on the campus of the
University of Georgia when she was
assaulted beaten and horrifically killed
yet another American life was stolen by
a Criminal Alien set free by this
Administration and these were incredible
people we're talking about these were
incredible people who died tonight
America This Is My Vow I will not let
these killers and criminals into our
country
I will keep our sons and daughters safe
as we bring security to our streets we
will help bring stability to the world I
was the first president in modern times
to start no new Wars you know we were
the toughest we were the most
respectful and you you saw this hungry
strong country run by a very powerful
tough leader tough guy press doesn't
like him because he's tough and uh he
came out recently they were asking him
at an
interview the whole world is exploding
what's happening what's going on Victor
Orban prime minister of Hungary very
tough
[Music]
man he said I don't want people coming
into my country and blowing up our
shopping centers and killing
people but they said to him tell us
what's going wrong wrong what's
happening what is it he said there's
only one way you're going to solve it
you got to bring president Trump back to
the United States because he kept
everybody at Bay
[Music]
true he used a word I wouldn't use
because I can't use that word because
you'd say it was bragados as the Press
would say he was a bragard I'm not a
brager but Victor Oran said it he said
Russia was afraid of him China was was
afraid of him everybody was afraid of
him nothing was going to happen the
whole world was at peace and now the
world is blowing up around us all of
these things that you read about were
not going to
happen under President Bush Russia
invaded Georgia under President Obama
Russia took
Crimea under the current
Administration Russia is after all of
Ukraine under President Trump Russia
took

## Donald Trump speaking style
nothing we defeated 100% of Isis and
Syria and Iraq something that was said
to take five years sir it'll take five
Years
sir we did it in a matter of a couple of
months we have a great military our
military is not woke it's just some of
the fools on top that are
woke I got along very well North Korea
Kim Jong-un I got along very well with
him the Press hated when I said that how
could you get along with him well you
know it's nice to get along with
somebody has a lot of nuclear weapons or
otherwise is
it see in the old days You' say that's a
wonderful thing now they say how could
you possibly do that but now I got along
with them and we stopped the missile
launchers from North Korea now North
Korea is acting up again but when we get
back I get along with him he'd like to
see me back too I think he misses me if
you want to know the
TR our opponents inherited a world at
peace and turned it into a planet of War
we're in a planet of
war look at that attack on Israel look
at what's happening with Ukraine the
cities are just bombed out how can
people live like that where buildings
massive buildings are falling to the
ground it began to unravel with the
disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan
the worst humiliation in the history of
our country we have never had a
humiliation like that 13 heroic US
service members were tragically and
needlessly killed 45 others were
horrifically wounded nobody ever talks
about them no arms no
legs face
explosions horrifically horrifically
wounded and by the way we have a man in
this
room who's running for the US Senate
from a great state Nevada Named Sam
Brown who paid the ultimate price
thank you
Sam thank you
Sam thank
you he paid the biggest
price probably ever paid by anybody that
is running for office and I think he's
going to do great he's running against a
person that is not good not respected a
total lightweight but Sam I think paid
really we were talking about it
with some of the Senators that are
working so hard for Sam but he paid the
biggest price of any Senator ever to run
for the Senate I don't think anybody's
ever what he did he was a real hero a
really great person and he's running and
I hope that everybody gets out and votes
for Sam
Brown and we also left behind $85
billion worth of military
equipment along with many American
citizens were left
behind many many American citiz and
emboldened by that disaster Russia
invaded Ukraine they saw this group of
people that were incompetent we took the
soldiers out first no no we're going to
take the soldiers out second if they
would have followed my plan we had a
great plan but the plan only kicked in
if they did everything perfectly and
they weren't doing things perfectly so
we said it doesn't kick in you know 18
months in a Afghanistan we didn't have
one s they were killing them left and
right

## Donald Trump speaking style
snipers and I spoke to the head of the
Taliban you've heard this story Abdul
still there still the head of the
Taliban the presscot on me why would you
speak to him I said because that's where
the killing is I don't have to speak to
somebody that has nothing to do with it
and I told him don't ever do that don't
ever do that again don't ever ever do
that again you got to stop because
during the Obama Administration many
great people and soldiers but a lot of
soldiers were being killed from long
distance I said if you keep doing that
you're going to be hit harder than
anybody's everever been hit by a country
[Music]
before and he said I understand your
Excellency called me your
Excellency I wonder if he calls the
other guy your Excellency I doubt it the
other guy gave him everything I mean
what kind of a deal was that he walked
out gave him everything do you know that
right now Afghanistan is one of the
largest sellers of weapons in the world
they're selling the brand new beautiful
weapons that we gave them but think of
it he actually said to me but why but
why do
you show me a picture of my home I said
you'll have to ask your people or one of
your wives
but he could figure it out and for 18
months we had not one attack on an
American Soldier by the Taliban
18 and then we had that horrible day
where soldiers were killed I was not
there because of a ridiculous election
but we had that horrible attack and uh
they also gave up bam one of the biggest
bases anywhere in the world air bases
anywhere in the world the longest
runways most
powerful hardened thickened runways we
gave it up and I liked it not because of
Afghanistan I liked it because of China
it's one hour away from where China
makes their nuclear weapons and you know
who has it now China has it now we were
keeping
that and now China is likewise circling
Taiwan and Russian warship
and nuclear submarines are operating 60
miles off the coast in Cuba do you know
that no the Press refuses to write about
it if that were me running this country
and we had nuclear submarines in
Cuba I will tell you that headlines
every day would be what's wrong with our
president you don't even hear this
you're not hearing about this Russia has
nuclear submarines and warships 60 miles
away Mr
congressman from Miami by the way
happens to be here
correct in
Cuba and that would not be stood for if
it were somebody else they don't even me
they don't want to mention it but now
maybe they
will and the entire
world I tell you this we want our
hostages back and they better be back
before I assume office or you will be
paying a very big price
with our victory in
November the years of war weakness and
Chaos will be over I don't have wars I
had no Wars other than Isis which I
defeated but that was a war that was
started we had no Wars I could stop Wars
with a telephone
call I could stop Wars with just a
telephone
call if properly stated it would never
start we will replenish our military and
build an iron Dome missile defense
system to ensure that no enemy can
strike our homeland and this great Iron
Dome will be
built entirely in the USA we're going to
build

## Donald Trump speaking style
it the USA and
Wisconsin Wisconsin just like I gave you
that massive ship contract and you're
doing a very nice job Governor
right thank you governor and they're
doing a great job in fact I had a little
design change we gave them a tremendous
for essentially what we used to call
destroyers these are now the most
beautiful they look like Yachts I said
we have to take the bow and we have to
make it a little nicer and a little
point at the top instead of a flat nose
and the people at the shipyard said this
guy sort of knows what he's doing we
most beautiful ships right governor and
everybody sitting over there and it was
a big contract that everybody wanted I
gave it to Wisconsin but we're going to
have a lot of that built right here and
the state of Wisconsin and all other
states Israel has an Iron Dome they have
a missile defense system 342 missiles
were shot into Israel and only one got
through a little bit it was badly
wounded it fell to the ground but most
of them are and Ronald Reagan wanted
this many years ago but we really didn't
have the technology many years ago
remember they called it Starship
spaceship anything to mock him but he
was a very good president very very
good but now we have unbelievable
technology and why should other
countries have this and we don't no no
we're going to build an iron Dome over
our country and we're going to be sure
that nothing can come and harm our
people and again from an econ e omic
development standpoint we're going to
make it all right here no more sending
it out to other countries in order to
help it's America First America
for we will Unleash the Power of
American innovation and as we do we will
soon be on the verge of finding the
cures to cancer Alzheimer's disease and
many other diseases we're going to get
to the bottom of
it you remember this gentleman that I
don't want to mention other than one
time time I had to because when you say
you're the 10 worst I had to do it I
didn't want anybody to be
confused but this man said we're going
to find the cure to cancer nothing
happened we're going to get to the cure
for cancer and Alzheimer's and so many
other things we're so close to doing
something
great but we need a leader that will let
it be done we will not have men playing
in women's sports that will end
immediately
and we will restore and renovate our
nation's once great cities making them
safe clean and beautiful again and that
includes our nation's capital which is a
horrible killing field so many things
they leave from Wisconsin they go to
look at the Washington Monument they end
up getting stabbed killed or shot we
will be very soon very proud of our
Capital again Washington
DC America is on the cusp of a new
golden age but we
will have the courage to seize it we're
going to take it we're going to make it
a current I mean we're going to bring
this into a golden age like never seen
before remember this China wants to do
it Japan wants to do it all of these
countries want to do it we have to
produce massive amounts of energy if
we're going to produce the new if you
look at some of the things that have
been done and some of the things that
we're going to do but AI needs
tremendous TR literally twice the
electricity that's available now in our
country can you imagine but instead
we're

## Donald Trump speaking style
spending places where they recharge
electric cars they built eight chargers
at a certain Lo location toward the
Midwest eight charges for $9 billion
think of them as a tank for filling up
your gas think of it they spent $9
billion on eight charges three of which
didn't
work and if you were going to do this
all over our country this crazy electric
mandate if you're going to do this all
and by the way I'm all for electric they
have their application but if somebody
wants to buy a gas powered car gasoline
powered car or a hybrid they're going to
be able to do it and we're going to make
that change on day
one so to
conclude just a few short days ago my
journey with you nearly ended we know
that and yet here we are tonight all
gathered together talking about the
future promise and a total
renewal of a thing we love very much
it's called
America we live in a world of Miracles
none of us knows God's plan or where
life's Adventure will take us I want to
thank Franklin graah for being here
tonight he's an outstanding
man he wrote me a note certainly I have
a lot of respect for him sir I love your
storytelling I think it's great in front
of these big rallies but sir please do
me one favor it won't make any
difference please don't use any foul
language I was a little embarrassed I
said he said it won't make any
difference actually it does the story is
not quite as good but I've been very
good the story is not quite as good to
be honest I've got to have a little talk
with Franklin but he was great
he's a great gentleman his father was so
incredible Billy Graham my father used
to love taking me to see Billy Graham my
father would take me to see Billy grah
at Yankee Stadium he had the biggest
rallies you've ever seen he was a good
rally guy
too but he'd get up and he was a
fantastic guy my father loved Billy
Graham but I love Franklin graah I think
Franklin's been fantastic and I'm trying
I'm working so hard to adhere to his
note to to me I'm working hard on it
Franklin but if the events of last
Saturday make anything clear it is that
every single moment we have on Earth is
a gift from
God we have to make the most of every
day for the people and for the country
that we love the attacker in
Pennsylvania wanted to stop our movement
but the truth is the movement has never
been about me it has always been about
you it's your movement it's the biggest
movement in the history of our country
by far can't be
stopped it can't be stopped it has
always been about the hardworking
patriotic citizens of
America for too long our nation has
settled for too little we settled for
too

## Donald Trump speaking style
little we've given everything to other
nations to other people you have been
told to lower your expectations and to
cept less for your families I am here
tonight with the opposite message your
expectations are not big enough they're
not big
[Music]
enough it is time to start expecting and
demanding the best leadership in the
world leadership that is bold Dynamic
Relentless and fearless we can do that
we are Americans ambition is our
heritage greatness is our Birthright but
but as long as our energies are spent
fighting each other our destiny will
remain Out Of Reach and that's not
acceptable we must instead take that
energy and use it to realize our
country's true
potential and write our own thrilling
chapter of the American story we can do
it together we will unite we are going
to come together and success will bring
us together
it is a story of love
sacrifice and so many other
things and remember the word devotion
it's unmatched devotion our American
ancestors cross the Delaware survived
the icy winter at Valley Forge and
defeated a mighty Empire to establish
our cherished Republic they fought so
hard they lost so many they pushed
thousands and thousands of miles across
a dangerous Frontier taming the
Wilderness to build a life and a
magnificent home for their family they
packed their families into covered
wagons treed
across hazardous Trails scaled towering
mountains and braved rivers and Rapids
to stake their claim on the wide openen
new and very beautiful
Frontier when our way of life was
threatened American Patriots marched
onto to the battlefield raced into enemy
strongholds and stared down death and
stared down those enemies to keep alive
the flame of Freedom at Yorktown
Gettysburg and Midway they joined the
roll call of immortal Heroes so many hor
just so many Heroes so many great great
people and we have to cherish those
people we can't forget those people we
have to cherish those people
and building monuments to those great
people is a good thing not a bad
thing they saved our
country no challenge was too much no
hardship was too great no enemy was too
Fierce together these Patriots Soldier
on and
endured and they prevailed because they
had faith in each other faith in their
country and above all they had faith in
their
God just like our ancestors we must now
come together rise above past
differences any disagreements have to be
put aside and go forward United as one
people one nation pledging allegiance to
one great beautiful I think it's so
beautiful American flag
tonight I ask for your partnership for
your support and I am humbly asking for
your vote want you
vote going to make our country great
again every day I will strive to honor
the trust you have placed in me and I
will never ever let you down I promise
that I will never let you
down to all of the Forgotten men and
women who have been neglected abandoned
and left behind you will be forgotten no
longer we will press forward and
together we will win win

## Donald Trump speaking style
win win win win win win win
nothing will sway us nothing will slow
us and no one will ever stop
us no matter what dangers come our way
no matter what obstacles lie in our path
we will keep striving toward our shared
and glorious Destiny and we will not
fail we will not
fail together we will save this country
we will restore the Republic and we will
usher in the rich and wonderful
tomorrows that our people so truly
deserve America's future will be bigger
better Bolder brighter happier stronger
Freer greater and more united than ever
before
and quite simply put we will very
quickly make America great again thank
you very much thank you very much
Wisconsin God bless
you God bless you Wisconsin and God
bless the United States of America our
great country thank you very much
everybody thank you
ladies and gentlemen I am officially
running for president of the United
States
when Mexico sends its people they're not
sending their best they're not sending
you they're not sending you they're
sending people that have lots of
problems and they're bringing those
problems with us they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime they're rapists
who's number one with Hispanics Trump I
love the Mexican people in their spirit
but the country of Mexico is killing us
I want to build a wall I'm gonna build a
wall I want to build the wall we need
the wall and Mexico will pay for the
wall but we have some bad Umbra's here
and we're gonna get him out and it's
really weak to call john mccain a loser
cuz he was a pen difficult i don't that
is outrageous it's in American English I
don't like losers but but Frank Frank
let me get to it
he hit me he's not a war hero he's a war
he's a war hero because he was captured
I like people that weren't captured okay
I hate to tell you and then I watch this
idiot Lindsey Graham on television today
and he calls me a jackass he's a jerk is
the man of the toupee this is on the
front page of New York Times I don't
wear it to pay
I'll prove once and for all that it's
mine okay come come say it please yes I
believe it is I have such respect for
women I cherish women you've called
women you don't like fat pigs dogs slobs
and disgusting animals your Twitter
account only Rosie O'Donnell I love the
women that faint when I speak those are
the ones that love oh go ahead no I'm a
gentleman Hillary go ahead what I say is
what I say and honestly Megyn if you
don't like it I'm sorry I've been very
nice to you although I could probably
maybe not be based on the way you have
treated me

## Donald Trump speaking style
but I wouldn't do that you bragged that
you have sexually assaulted women do you
understand that I didn't say that at all
I don't think you understood what was it
this was locker room talk every woman
lied when they came forward to hurt my
campaign believe me she would not be my
first choice that I can touch you take a
look look at her look at her words you
tell me what you think I don't think so
I don't think all of these Liars will be
sued after the election is over I'm
gonna take such good care of women's
healthcare issues you won't even believe
it you believe in punishment for
abortion yes or no as a principle the
answer is that there has to be some form
of punishment for the woman yeah it has
to be some form such a nasty rest fun I
have tremendous respect for women have
you ever done this have respect to me
but I'm surging with women I think
Hillary would be a terrible president
well I think the only card she has is
the woman's good she's got nothing else
going and frankly if Hillary Clinton
were a man I don't think she'd get 5% of
the vote she's a world-class liar just
look at her pathetic email server
statements
she's crooked Hillary don't you
understand this is one of the most
crooked
history this is the legacy of Hillary
Clinton death destruction terrorism and
weakness she's the devil Hillary Clinton
is a bigot I was going to say something
was very really rough to Hillary to her
family and I said to myself I can't do
it I just can't do it if you look at
Bill Clinton far worse minor words and
his was action his words what he's done
to women there's never been anybody in
the history of politics in this nation
that's been so abusive to women it's
just awfully good that someone with the
temperament of Donald Trump is not in
charge of the law in our country because
you'd be in jail Secretary Clinton she
has tremendous hate in her heart
wouldn't that be embarrassing to lose
the crooked Hillary Clinton that would
be terrible
is there anybody you'd like to apologize
to right now yourself no no I think I
would probably get along very well with
Putin Russia if you're listening I hope
you're able to find the 30,000 emails
that are missing Hillary likes to play
tough with Russia Putin looks at her and
he laughs okay he laughs she'd rather
have a puppet as president no pop today
nope it's pretty clear I know nothing
about Russia talking about Gitmo right
Guantanamo Bay which by the way which by
the way we are keeping open which we are
keeping open and we're going to load it
up with some bad dudes believe me we're
gonna load it up what I approve
waterboarding you bet your ass I'll
approval you bet your
in a heartbeat and I'd bring back a hell
of a lot worse than waterboarding I want
surveillance of certain mosques okay if
that's okay because they are recruiting
by the thousands
they're leaving our country and then
when they come back we take them back
oh come on where were you I was fighting
for Isis oh come on back go home enjoy
yourself I will absolutely take database
on the people coming in from Syria if we
can't stop it but we're going to I've
made it known if I win they're going
back Isis is honoring President Obama he
is the founder of Isis he's the founder
of Isis okay he's the founder he founded
Isis and I would say the co-founder
would be crooked Hillary Clinton the you
know of your own sports team Most
Valuable Player MVP you get the MVP
award Isis will hand her the Most
Valuable Player Award
yeah
throw them the hell out of here am I
allowed to rip that whistle out of the
mouth I'd rip that you just go home to
mommy I love the old days you know what
they used to do to guys like that when
they were in a place like this they'd be
carried out on a stretcher folks
I don't throw babies out believe me I
love babies actually I was only kidding
you can get the baby out here they say I
have the most loyal people did you ever
see that where I could stand in the
middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot
somebody and I wouldn't lose any voters
okay

## Donald Trump speaking style
it's like incredible I always wanted to
get the Purple Heart this was much
easier have I become president we're all
gonna be saying Merry Christmas again
that I could tell you if you look at
North Korea this guy this me I mean he's
like a maniac okay and you gotta give
him credit that's a famous Mussolini
quote you retweeted it you liked the
quote did you know it was in Cellini
it's okay to know it's Mussolini yeah
look Mussolini was Mussolini it's okay
to it's a very good quote it's a very
interesting quote I mean I'm just
talking about David Duke and the Ku Klux
Klan here but I don't know honestly I
don't know David Duke I don't believe
I've ever met him I pretty sure I didn't
meet him and I just don't know anything
about him
do you plan to visit with the Pope when
he comes in to Philadelphia
well the Pope believes in global warming
you do know that right
hey in this room it's so hot in here
maybe I'll start to believe it myself
through him his hot written by a nice
reporter now the poor guy you got to see
this guy oh I don't know what I said I
don't remember he's gonna lie I don't
remember either oh maybe that's what I
said whoever they have birthdays Mike
systems up the son of a to put it in I
think so this bike is terrible
stupid mic keeps popping Nevada and you
know what I said you know what I said I
said when I came out here I said nobody
says it the other way it has to be in
Nevada he said I had small hands
actually I'm 6 3 not 6 2 but he said I
had 12 hands they're not small are they
I never heard I never heard that one
before
Donald Trump has small hands so I said
small hands these guys know I hit a ball
280 yards stand up my club champions
stand up do I hit the ball good do I hit
it long is Trump strong he referred to
my hands if they're small something else
must be small I guarantee you there's no
problem I guarantee I think we should
take a drug test did you see where Biden
wants to take me to the back of the barn
me he wants it
I'd love that I'd love that mr. tough
guy so I spent a long time this morning
on making my shoes so beautiful so shiny
and then I walk through more dusty
floors than I've ever seen in my life
Thank You Anthony Weiner
it's a rigged system the system is
totally rigged and broken this system is
rigged we're competing in a rigged
election is a rigged election that you
will absolutely accept the result of
this election I will look at it at the
time I'm not looking at anything now
I'll look at it at the time are you
saying you're not prepared now two
qualifications that I will tell you at
the time I'll keep you in suspense Oh
totally accept the results of this great
and historic presidential election if I
win there's never been anything like
this so go and register make sure you
get out and vote November 28th

## Donald Trump tweets
The car industry will be “over and out” in Michigan if the Democrats get in. If I become your President, again, we will dominate the industry — auto-making plants will return at record levels!

It was a great honor to do a sit down with Lex Fridman for his podcast. It will be airing at 1PM today. Enjoy!

My new book comes out TODAY! Have you gotten your copy? I hand-selected every Photo, from my time in the White House, to our current third Campaign for President of the United States. A MUST HAVE on U.S. History, especially for America First Patriots - Get your copy now at 45books.com.

Maduro’s plane has just been seized by the U.S. That’s OK, he can now go out and get a much bigger and better one with all the money we pay to Venezuela for oil that we don’t need. We have more LIQUID GOLD than any other Nation. HOW STUPID ARE OUR “LEADERS?” WE ARE A LAUGHING STOCK ALL OVER THE WORLD!!! DJT

Thank you to Jesse Watters for the nice words on my Debate performance. It was a GREAT evening!

I thought that was my best Debate, EVER, especially since it was THREE ON ONE!

People are saying BIG WIN tonight!

Rep. ByronDonalds: “Inflation when Donald Trump left office was 1.4% year-over-year…When Joe Biden and Kamala Harris came into office, many states were already back to work…and when they wanted to his ‘American Rescue Plan,’ which she co-signed, we told them on Capitol Hill, you’re going to create a labor shortage, which is going to create inflation.”

Former Pennsylvania Steel Worker: “I would believe Donald Trump. I don’t believe Harris. She’s been there three and a half years and hasn’t done nothing.”

If Republicans in the House, and Senate, don’t get absolute assurances on Election Security, THEY SHOULD, IN NO WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, GO FORWARD WITH A CONTINUING RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET. THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO “STUFF” VOTER REGISTRATIONS WITH ILLEGAL ALIENS. DON’T LET IT HAPPEN - CLOSE IT DOWN!!!

Paul Perez, National Border Patrol Council: “Donald Trump did it before…he knows how to SECURE the BORDER…he knows how to provide for the SECURITY of the AMERICAN public—It’s not a surprise that Americans feel more comfortable being protected by Donald Trump…”

Governor Doug Burgum: “We’ve never had a candidate like Harris, 56 days before the election, who’s gone under so little scrutiny. We have one interview, no debates. This has never happened in modern politics…even when she finally puts policies on her website this week, it’s already been revealed…that most of that was cut and pasted from the Biden website…”

Thank you to Paul Perez, of the National Border Patrol Council, for the wonderful statements he made about the great job I did on our BORDER. Likewise, VERY NEGATIVE on Border Czar Kamala - THE WORST IN THE HISTORY OF THE USA! MAGA2024

Why does FoxNews keep putting on, for endless periods of time, Michael Tyler, Kamala’s publicist, who spews nothing but lies - like Project 2025, etc. Fox tries to be so politically correct, when the other side plays for keeps. RIDICULOUS!!!

No boxes or artificial lifts will be allowed to stand on during my upcoming debate with Comrade Kamala Harris. We had this out previously with former NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg when he was in a debate, and he was not allowed a “lift.” It would be a form of cheating, and the Democrats cheat enough. “You are who you are,” it was determined!

I can’t believe the NFL is effectively getting rid of the always exciting Kick Off Return. Such an exciting part of Football. What are they doing? BEGINNING OF THE END!

THANK YOU—COACHELLA, CALIFORNIA!
WE WILL NOT HAVE A WOKE MILITARY!
Congressman Darrell Issa is an incredible Fighter for the Wonderful People of California’s 48th Congressional District!
A highly successful Businessman, Darrell knows how to Stop Inflation, Lower Gas Prices, and Grow our Economy, and Bring Back the American Dream. In Congress, he is working hard to Secure our Border, Promote Energy DOMINANCE, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment and, as a U.S. Army Veteran, Darrell is fighting to ensure our Brave Veterans receive the care and support they deserve.
Darrell Issa has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Congressman Ken Calvert is doing a phenomenal job representing the Great People of California’s 41st Congressional District!
As a very successful Small Businessman, Ken knows how to Fight Inflation, Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, and Eliminate Government Waste. As a Senior Member of the POWERFUL Appropriations Committee, Ken is working hard to Secure the Border, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Military/Vets, Deliver Sustainable Water Solutions, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
Ken Calvert has my Complete and Total Endorsement - HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kamala Harris vowed to Abolish ICE.
She wants to BAN FRACKING.
She imposed a Natural Gas Export Ban.
Energy prices are already up 50% in Nevada under Kamala.
She LOST more than 325,000 migrant children.
SHE DOES NOT DESERVE FOUR MORE YEARS!
We are now known, all throughout the world, as an OCCUPIED COUNTRY. We are not going to stand for it. We are an occupied state that refuses to let our great law enforcement professionals do the job they so dearly want to do…
After everything we’ve been through together, we stand on the verge of the 4 GREATEST years in the history of our Country. With your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America’s Promise, we will put America First—and take back the NATION that we LOVE!
25 days from now, we are going to WIN Nevada, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HELLO—RENO, NEVADA!
Michael Harris (Harry O) is working hard to support and build on what my administration did for Black Americans in the first term. Good luck to Michael and the Community First team. Working together, we will Make America Great Again for everyone!
Happy Birthday to my wonderful father, FRED C. TRUMP, now in Heaven. What a guy - There was nobody like him!
From the very beginning of this journey, I have been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment.
I will NEVER QUIT, I will NEVER BEND, I will NEVER BREAK, and I will NEVER YIELD, not even in the face of death itself!
TOO BIG TO RIG!!!
We will send elite squads of ICE, border patrol, and federal law enforcement officers to hunt down, arrest, and deport every last illegal alien gang member, until there is not a single one left. If they come back, it’s an automatic ten years in jail with no possibility of parole—and I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
We will close the border. We will stop the invasion of illegals into our Country. We will defend our territory. We will not be conquered. We will reclaim our sovereignty—and Colorado will vote for Trump as a protest and signal to the world that we are not going to take it anymore. I will liberate Colorado. I will give you back your freedom and your life!
Under the Trump Administration, we will put American CITIZENS first, American CHILDREN first, American PATIENTS first, American TAXPAYERS first, American WORKERS first, and American COMMUNITIES first—and we will put Communists, Marxist, and Fascists last!
We are now known, all throughout the world, as OCCUPIED AMERICA…But to everyone here in Colorado and all across our nation, I make you this vow: November 5th, 2024 will be LIBERATION DAY in America. I will rescue Aurora and every town that has been invaded and conquered—and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell OUT OF OUR COUNTRY.
In honor of Jocelyn Nungaray, Laken Riley, Rachel Morin, and all of the others that are dead and mortally wounded at the hands of migrants who should never have been allowed into our Country, I am announcing today that upon taking office, we will have an OPERATION AURORA at the Federal Level. To expedite removals of this savage gang, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American Soil.
No person who has inflicted the violence and terror that Kamala Harris has inflicted on this community can EVER be allowed to become POTUS!
Just arrived in Aurora, Colorado. Join me live. Big crowd—MAGA2024!
